Help maintain consistency across digital experiences, social content, and brand materials.
Participate in design reviews and collaborate with marketing, social, content, and digital teams.
Support basic quality assurance to ensure designs are accurate and ready for digital publication.
Requirements
2–4 years of experience in UX design, digital design, graphic design, or a related creative role.
Portfolio demonstrating experience with UX, web/digital design, and social media content .
Working knowledge of Figma and Adobe Creative Suite or similar design tools.
Understanding of fundamental UX/UI principles , including layout, hierarchy, usability, and responsive design.
Experience creating digital and social media assets preferred.
Strong visual design skills with attention to typography, imagery, and brand consistency.
Strong communication, collaboration, and organizational skills.
Ability to take creative direction, incorporate feedback, and manage multiple assignments.
Interest in continuing to develop skills across UX, digital, and social media design
Sand Cherry Associates is required by Colorado law to include a reasonable estimate of the compensation range for this role. This compensation range considers a wide range of factors considered in making compensation decisions including but not limited to skill sets; experience and training; licensure and certifications; and delivery model. This is a 6 month consulting engagement with an annual salary of $75,000-$85,000. Years of experience, level of education, geographic location, unique skills/qualifications for the specific role and potential certifications can be key factors in the final compensation for this role.
Our team is unique — we are passionate about what we do. At Sand Cherry, our Consultants know they are impacting and shaping our clients’ industries. We recognize our employees for their contributions. Our culture is one of the most friendly and communicative in the consulting industry. Sand Cherry is not a top-heavy organization. We offer the opportunity to be part of a digital workforce. Discover the experience that only comes with self-responsibility in the workplace. Our team members manage their own workloads and are expected to deliver exceptional work for our clients. Professional career growth is one of our main priorities, as we affirm that investing in our Consultants and empowering our people will also deliver the best results and value for our clients.
C Senior UX Strategist at Clear Digital M UX Designer at Mightier F Senior UX Designer at Flexstaf IT F UX Designer at FPT Asia Pacific S Senior UX Designer at Source Code
UI/UX designer jobs Product designer jobs UX designer jobs UI designer jobs UX researcher jobs UX writer jobs
UX Design Salary Guide UX Design Salary in United States
Apply for this job Please let Sand Cherry Associates know you discovered this position on UIUXjobsboard so we can keep providing you with quality design jobs.
CTAIMA is hiring Senior UX Researcher (Freelance – 6 months)
CTAIMA is hiring Senior Product Designer (Freelance – 6 months)
Miaplaza, Inc. is hiring Senior Product Designer