About AllTrails

AllTrails is the app for exploring the outdoors. We help people spend more time outside by connecting them to their next adventure. Home to the world’s largest outdoor community, with members and trails around the globe, you can find AllTrails in the Apple App Store, Google Play Store, and at alltrails.com.

Every day, our team works to get more people outside and help our members have better experiences on the trail. We lead with our values–positivity, innovation, humility, adaptability, inclusivity, and stewardship–in everything we do. Join us!

This is a U.S. based remote position. While this role does not require in-person attendance, we have a strong preference for candidates based in or near one of these cities: San Francisco CA, Portland OR, Seattle WA, Denver CO, and New York NY. Being in one of these cities creates opportunities to connect with teammates through Trail Days, co-working sessions, and local gatherings while still having the flexibility to work remotely. San Francisco employees are highly encouraged to come to the office one day per week.

About the role

AllTrails is where the outdoors comes to life and this role is for a designer who thinks the same way. As part of our product design team, you’ll work at the intersection of craft, product thinking, and technical curiosity. You’ll move fluidly between mapping user behaviors, iterating features, and using code and AI as creative tools to explore what’s possible. You’ll own work end-to-end and ship things that matter to millions of people who spend their lives outside.

Due to high candidate volume and to ensure our hiring team has sufficient time to give every application the attention it deserves, we have set a closing date of September 14th for this position.

What you’ll be doing

Work in highly collaborative cross-functional teams to identify opportunities, make bets and decisions, and ship meaningful product updates

Ideate on behavioral loops that create value and encourage participation. Design experiences that leverage organic growth mechanics like social sharing, challenges, achievements, and user-generated content to foster community

Craft experiences that effectively communicate membership value and scale across different markets with local relevance

Systemize motions and transition effects to guide user attention and confirm actions

Leverage AI tools with sound judgment, using front-end code as a medium to explore, communicate, and advance the work

Leverage and contribute to our evolving design system

What you bring

2-4 years years of professional experience researching, designing, and shipping consumer-facing digital product features across iOS, Android, and web

Demonstrated experience taking ideas from concept through release and learning from post-launch performance

Solid product execution driven by sharp visual, interaction, and motion design judgment

Builder mentality: you see code as another medium for design exploration and feel right at home diving into technical implementation, code, or AI-generated prototypes

AI Fluency: you are skilled at creating effective prompts, supplying useful context, evaluating AI-generated output critically, and iteratively steer the result toward a high-quality product

Strong design systems thinking: you know when to use an existing pattern, extend it, or create something new; you balance speed with long-term system health

A strong digital presence with a demonstrated ability to engage and grow communities online

Bonus points

Actively participate in outdoor activities (e.g. hiking, running, camping, climbing, etc) and understand the mindset of people who spend time outside

Experience designing for subscription-based business models

Hands-on experience developing AI-native products, agentic workflows, or multimodal user interfaces

Experienced designing for international audiences or experience living, working, or studying in global markets

Possess illustration skills with