Deloitte's Government & Public Services (GPS) practice - our people, ideas, technology and outcomes - is designed for impact. Serving federal, state, & local government clients as well as public higher education institutions, our team of professionals brings fresh perspective to help clients anticipate disruption, reimagine the possible, and fulfill their mission promise.
Our Customer Strategy & Design team discovers, designs, and prototypes customer growth strategies and innovation portfolios.
Qualifications
2+ years of experience creating visual designs for web or mobile applications, including mockups, wireframes, or prototypes
2+ years of experience using Figma and at least one digital design or prototyping tool, such as Adobe XD, Sketch, or InVision
2+ years of experience applying user-centered design principles and design systems to enterprise web or mobile product design
1+ years of experience using Generative Artificial Intelligence tools to accelerate design workflows, support research synthesis, ideation, content development, or design iteration
Ability to travel 0-25%, on average, based on the work you do and the clients and industries/sectors you serve.
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future.
Must be able to obtain and maintain the required level of security clearance
Experience supporting design work for solutions built on Palantir platforms
Experience supporting federal clients; Department of Defense experience preferred
Experience supporting minimum viable product launches, feature releases, or maintenance releases
Experience collaborating with developers, business analysts, and project managers across the product lifecycle
Experience designing iOS and Android mobile applications, including work aligned to Material Design and Human Interface Guidelines
Experience using motion design tools such as Adobe After Effects, Principle, or Framer
The wage range for this role takes into account the wide range of factors that are considered in making compensation decisions including but not limited to skill sets; experience and training; licensure and certifications; and other business and organizational needs. The disclosed range estimate has not been adjusted for the applicable geographic differential associated with the location at which the position may be filled. At Deloitte, it is not typical for an individual to be hired at or near the top of the range for their role and compensation decisions are dependent on the facts and circumstances of each case. A reasonable estimate of the current range is $82,600 to $162,800.
You may also be eligible to participate in a discretionary annual incentive program, subject to the rules governing the program, whereby an award, if any, depends on various factors, including, without limitation, individual and organizational performance.
Design, Art/Creative, and Information Technology
Accounting, IT Services and IT Consulting, and Business Consulting and Services
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Deloitte by 2x
Get notified about new User Experience Designer jobs in Arlington, VA .
-
-
Product Designer, (Consultant, Experience & Design)
Product Designer, (Consultant, Experience & Design)
-
UI/UX Designer (Systems Application Analyst 2) 29548
UI/UX Designer (Systems Application Analyst 2) 29548
-
-
UI/UX and Design Analyst [U.S. Citizenship Required]
UI/UX and Design Analyst [U.S. Citizenship Required]
Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.
Sign in to see who you already know at Deloitte
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .