By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
U.S. Citizen, U.S. Person, or Immigration Status Requirements:
U.S. citizenship is required, as only U.S. citizens are authorized to access information under this program/contract.
At RTX, the world largest aerospace and defense company, 185,000 great minds are united by purpose and inspired to make a difference solving the world’s most complex problems. With our three market leading businesses, world-class operations and investments in research and development, we offer capabilities and opportunity no one else can. Together, we push the boundaries of known science and find new ways to connect and protect our world.
Raytheon brings the strength of more than 100 years of experience and renowned engineering expertise to meet the needs of today’s mission and stay ahead of tomorrow’s threat. We deliver solutions that help our nation and allies defend freedoms and deter aggression, creating a safer, more secure world. Join us and help shape the future of aerospace and defense.
Raytheon DT’s Data, Analytics, and AI team is seeking a seasoned UX Designer – Data Visualization and AI to lead the design of next‑generation data and AI experiences across the organization. In this highly impactful role, you will shape the strategic direction of how users engage with Raytheon’s data and AI products—translating complex technical insights into clear, intuitive, and actionable experiences that drive confident decision‑making.
The ideal candidate excels at synthesizing visual clarity, storytelling, and conceptual design thinking to demystify AI: how it works, why it matters, and how its outputs should be interpreted and applied. Reporting to the Director of Product Management, the successful candidate will be a highly collaborative partner to engineering and product teams, deeply knowledgeable in modern AI and data technologies, and passionate about delivering value through user‑centered, insight‑driven design.
What You Will Do
Create high-quality artifacts that convey the critical conceptual aspects of data‑driven experiences, including visualization, storytelling, and the incorporation of AI insights to ensure a cohesive outcome.
Create high fidelity wireframes, prototypes, and user interfaces.
Design intuitive visual representations of AI outputs: such as predictions, recommendations, confidence levels, and model reasoning, to help users quickly understand and act on insights.
Collaborate effectively on a cross-functional software product team with designers, product managers, business analysts, front end, & back-end software engineers, QA, and project managers.
Participate in primary (in-field) and secondary research activities with customers, employees, and other relevant business stakeholders to identify personas, create journey maps, service blueprints, application maps, task flow diagrams, etc.
Work in an agile software development environment.
Present design work and articulate the rationale behind visual, architectural, and interaction decisions, particularly those involving AI transparency and explainability.
Collaborate closely with product managers to help create user stories and related project documentation.
Participate in design critique sessions; both providing and responding to feedback on designs.
Qualifications You Must Have
Typically requires a University Degree or equivalent experience and a minimum of 10 years of prior relevant experience, or an Advanced Degree in a related field and minimum 7 years experience.
Demonstrated experience creating data visualization UX designs.
Demonstrated experience working within agile development environments and partnering closely with front‑end engineering teams to translate design concepts into high‑quality, production‑ready solutions.
U.S. citizenship