AngelList is the nexus of venture capital and the startup community. We support $171B+ in assets and have powered investments into over 13,000 startups—over 300 of which are unicorns. Today, 57% of top-tier U.S. VC deals involve investors on AngelList. While our scale is large, our ambition is larger.
If you're excited to build the future of private markets, come build with us.
About The Role
Every year, trillions of dollars move from investors to funds and funds to companies in private markets. And every single time this money moves, everyone holds their breath a little bit. Did I really send these millions of dollars to the right bank account? Will my investor capital arrive on time for my deployment?
Nova is the payment network that solves this. Within AngelList, we’ve been running it internally for the past five years, moving $90B between funds and investors without the risk of sending money to the wrong place. We’re now extending this network outside AngelList: to the rest of the venture, private equity, and real estate.
You will own the design vision for the Nova business and execution across the team for all products within this strategy.
Design thoughtful product experiences on both sides of the payments network, creating connected experiences for funds, investors, and the teams that support them.
Drive scoping for the most ambiguous areas of the product vision, including how these products will interact with other ones (both within AngelList and beyond).
Set the standard for visual and interaction patterns within this business area that other designers on the team will calibrate to.
Talk regularly with customers, using research and leverage insights to lead cross-functional teams in driving thoughtful, high-ROI solutions
Have 7+ years of experience, and owned company level product bets end to end.
See the creation of a new payment network as an exciting design challenge, and understand the complexity behind rethinking the way funds and investors interact
Are a systems thinker with interaction and visual craft strong enough that the work itself sets the bar.
Understand that deep thinking, clear product vision, and customer obsession are some of the most important things designers bring to a team.
If you don’t meet every requirement above, we still encourage you to apply. We value complementary strengths and operators who learn by doing.
AngelList has offices in a few cities, New York City and San Francisco. We have a hybrid in-office model: teammates come in at least 2 days per week (Tuesdays and either Wednesday or Thursday).
The compensation for this role consists of a competitive base salary, benefits, and equity package. The base salary for this role is $270,000+ annually but actual will vary based on a number of factors including a candidate’s professional background, experience, and location. Additional details about our Total Rewards package will be provided during the recruitment process.
We support your life both in and outside of work.
At AngelList, we are united in our purpose to accelerate innovation and build the future of private markets. Our beliefs and values shape what we work on and how we create impact. If the below resonate, we’d love to have you with us.
AngelList is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses and identifying potential inconsistencies or verification signals in application materials based on available information. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us.
Design, Ar