Work with developers throughout the implementation process to ensure the final build is consistent with the intended vision and sufficiently solves the problems
Provide team guidance on overall look and feel and enforcement of design standards
Location: Remote (Must Reside in the Colorado Springs Area)
Travel Requirements: Minimal
Qualifications
Security Clearance: Must be eligible to obtain a U.S. government security clearance, which is something only a U.S. citizen can obtain
Bachelor of Science Information Technology (or related discipline)
Minimum 2 years of experience designing large and small-scale websites and apps
Proficiency with prototyping and collaboration tools (Figma, Sketch, Adobe XD, InVision, Axure)
Experience with version control / design collaboration tools (Abstract, Zeplin, Storybook)
Working knowledge of Agile methodologies like Agile XP, and how design contributes in an agile environment
Experience with designing responsive interfaces for desktop & mobile web applications
Understanding / experience with front-end technologies like CSS, Bootstrap, Javascript, HTML5, Angular, and familiarity with RestAPI
Excellent work ethic and ability to meet deadlines
Excellent problem solving, critical thinking, and communication skills
Strong presentation, facilitation and persuasive skills
Strong stakeholder management and storytelling skills to present design decisions
Experience mentoring junior designers or contributing to team skill growth
Background in workshopping, design sprints, and facilitation
Portfolio demonstrating variety and versatility, as well as impact/value of solutions
Possess a serious passion for designing visually appealing interfaces that excite end-users and deliver a rewarding experience
Ability to map your design decisions to user needs as well as business requirements
Understanding of product strategy and KPIs (designing for measurable impact)
Familiarity with enterprise SaaS, mobile apps, or government systems (tailor to your domain)
Ability to balance business goals, technical constraints, and user needs
Prior experience in a related industry (e.g., aerospace, defense, healthcare, finance)
Experience with Data Visualization tools PowerBI, Tableau, Python
Experience identifying and building KPI’s and other data development to provide data-based decision-making recommendations
Basic Compensation: $103,200 - $154,700 (For The Colorado Springs Area Only)
The offered rate will be based on the selected candidate’s knowledge, skills, abilities and/or experience and in consideration of internal parity.
KBR may offer bonuses, commissions, or other forms of compensation to certain job titles or levels, per internal policy or contractual designation. Additional compensation may be in the form of a sign on bonus, relocation benefits, short-term incentives, long-term incentives, or discretionary payments for exceptional performance.
At KBR, we are passionate about our people and our Zero Harm culture. These inform all that we do and are at the heart of our commitment to, and ongoing journey toward being a People First company. That commitment is central to our team of team’s philosophy and fosters an environment where everyone can Belong, Connect and Grow. We Deliver – Together.
KBR is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, national origin, veteran status, genetic information, union status and/or beliefs, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law.
Design, Art/Creative, and Information Technology
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at KBR Careers by 2x
Get notified about new User Experience Designer jobs in Colorado Springs, CO .
-
-
-
-
Senior Service Designer (AI) Remote From Anywhere In CO.
Senior Service Designer (AI) Remote From Anywhere In CO.
Senior Service Designer (Remote From Anywher