The ideal candidate will be an excellent communicator, knowledgeable and eager to apply AI capabilities, comfortable in a fast-moving, data-driven organization, excited to collaborate with Software Engineers, Product Managers, and other UX Designers to build software solutions customers will love.
Your Impact:
Partner with Product and Engineering to understand user problems, define design opportunities, and deliver well-crafted solutions across FolioGuard workflows.
Conduct and facilitate user research, usability testing, and design validation to ensure solutions are grounded in real customer needs.
Design, run, and iterate on growth experiments, including A/B and multivariate tests to optimize key user flows and business outcomes.
Use AI-powered tools to accelerate research synthesis, prototyping, and delivery across the design process.
Communicate design rationale to cross-functional partners and drive shared understanding across disciplines.
Apply and actively contribute to our design system, ensuring UI consistency while helping evolve its components and patterns over time.
Adapt fluidly to shifting priorities, bringing structure and clarity to ambiguous problem spaces as the team's needs evolve.
Qualifications:
Strong user-centered product sense and curiosity, with a genuine passion for improving experiences in complex, multi-sided products that serve both businesses and their end customers.
Demonstrated experience with growth design: funnel analysis, A/B testing, experiment design, and using data to inform design decisions.
Proficiency with AI-powered design, with an appetite to push beyond basic applications to improve the speed and quality of design outcomes.
Ability to translate complex design rationale into clear, outcome-oriented communication for non-design stakeholders.
Familiarity with Agile and Lean UX methodologies in fast-moving, iterative environments.
A portfolio demonstrating your design process, problem-solving approach, and experience designing software product experiences.
Find out more about our locations by visiting our site.
All late-stage candidates complete an in-person meeting with an AppFolian as part of our hiring process.
The compensation that we reasonably expect to pay for this role is: $104,000 - $130,000 base pay.
The actual compensation for this role will be determined by a variety of factors, including but not limited to: the candidate’s skills, education, experience, etc.
Please note that compensation is one important aspect of a compelling Total Rewards package. The compensation range indicated here does not include any additional benefits or bonuses/commissions that you may be eligible for based on your role and/or employment type.
Regular full-time employees are eligible for benefits - see here.
AppFolio is the technology leader powering the future of the real estate industry. Our innovative platform and trusted partnership enable our customers to connect communities, increase operational efficiency, and grow their business. For more information about AppFolio, visit appfolio.com.
Grow | We enable a culture of high performance, where delivering results is recognized by opportunities for growth and compelling total rewards. Our challenging and meaningful work drive the growth of our business, and ourselves.
Learn | We partner with you to realize your potential by investing in you from the start. We're cultivating a team of big thinkers through coaching and mentorship with our best-in-class leaders, and giving you the time and tools to develop your skills.
Impact | We are creating a world where living in, investing in, managing, and supporting communities feels magical and effortless, freeing people to thrive. We do this by innovating with purpose while cultivating a culture of impact. We learn as much from each other as we do our customers and our communities.
Connect | We excel at hybrid work by fostering an environment that feels flexible, personal and connected, no matter where we ar