EquityZen, a part of Morgan Stanley, is a leading marketplace for pre-IPO investments, connecting shareholders of private companies with accredited investors. Through its category-leading technology and innovative approach, EquityZen delivers data-driven insights and tools that empower its 800,000 users to navigate the private markets with confidence. Having completed more than 51,000 private placements in nearly 500 private companies, EquityZen is on a mission to deliver “Private Markets for the Public.” EquityZen is looking for a detail-oriented and creative Associate, UX Designer (Platforms) to join our growing team.
What You’ll Do In The Role
Support complex and time-sensitive UX/UI initiatives that help push the EquityZen platform forward.
Work closely with senior design and product leadership to aid in the visual and interactive execution of the company roadmap.
Collaborate directly with product managers and the Technology team to build accessible, intuitive, and user-centric interfaces.
Create wireframes, user flows, prototypes, and high-fidelity mockups for new features and platform enhancements.
Assist in conducting user research and usability testing, analyzing qualitative feedback to uncover insights and support design-driven decision making.
Participate in agile ceremonies and partner with Technology to ensure designs are implemented accurately and maintain high-quality standards.
Gather and organize design feedback from Product, Sales, Operations, Compliance, and other internal teams to iterate on current and future user experiences.
1-3 years of experience in UX/UI design, product design, or a related role, preferably at a technology startup.
Undergraduate degree, preferably with a concentration in Design, Human-Computer Interaction (HCI), Technology, or a related field.
An interest in Fintech, Wealthtech, private markets, or highly regulated industries (previous industry experience is a plus).
A strong portfolio demonstrating a solid understanding of user-centered design principles, interaction design, and visual problem-solving. (Please share a link to this on your resume – or attach as part of your application)
Proficiency in Figma and Adobe Creative Suite.
Experience assisting with the design lifecycle - from initial discovery and wireframing to user testing and developer handoff.
Strong oral and written communication skills to effectively articulate design decisions, share updates, and gather feedback across the organization.
Entrepreneurial drive and a bias for action; eager to navigate the uncertainty of new products and learn how to prioritize design initiatives effectively.
A demonstrated passion to learn, grow your design skillset, and contribute to a collaborative team environment.
At Morgan Stanley, we raise, manage and allocate capital for our clients – helping them reach their goals. We do it in a way that’s differentiated – and we’ve done that for 90 years. Our values - putting clients first, doing the right thing, leading with exceptional ideas, committing to diversity and inclusion, and giving back - aren’t just beliefs, they guide the decisions we make every day to do what's best for our clients, communities and more than 80,000 employees in 1,200 offices across 42 countries. At Morgan Stanley, you’ll find an opportunity to work alongside the best and the brightest, in an environment where you are supported and empowered. Our teams are relentless collaborators and creative thinkers, fueled by their diverse backgrounds and experiences. We are proud to support our employees and their families at every point along their work-life journey, offering some of the most attractive and comprehensive employee benefits and perks in the industry. There’s also ample opportunity to move about the business for those who show passion and grit in their work.
To learn more about our offices across the globe, please copy and paste https://www.morganstanley.com/about-us/global-offices into your browser.
Expected bas