Work closely with art directors, copywriters, and our production team to develop new photography, illustration, and written ad copy to continue differentiating our brand and ensuring a bold identity.
Partner with cross-functional stakeholders to respond creatively to briefs, brainstorm new assets, and workshop areas of opportunity.
We're Excited About You Because
You have 3+ years in a designer role, whether agency and/or client-side, with experience designing for a wide range of brand and marketing channels.
You have a robust portfolio demonstrating deep understanding of typography, color, imagery and graphic elements; including motion graphics.
You are a self-starter and self-checker, taking ownership of your work and constantly seeking better.
You are collaborative — open to input and balanced discussions.
You pay close attention to detail — no detail is too small. You're also not afraid to propose new solutions or bold thinking — no idea is too big!
You’re an expert in the Adobe Creative Suite (Illustrator, Photoshop, and InDesign).
You are comfortable in Sketch and/or Figma with knowledge of web design standard methodologies.
You have designed for online retail environments and e-commerce.
You have video, animation, and/or art direction experience (not required but a plus).
We are an in-office culture, made of in-office people who thrive on the collaboration and magnetism of working in a shared space. We are seeking individuals who excel in this type of environment, where being present fosters deeper connections and engagement. We ask all team members to be in office 4 - 5 days a week to build a collaborative and invested environment to foster our unique in-person culture we are proud to have. This office policy is subject to change at company discretion.
At TFD, we believe Belonging is a shared commitment to creating a workplace where every person feels respected, valued, and empowered to be themselves. When people feel a true sense of belonging, they do their best work, take smart risks, and bring forward diverse perspectives — leading to stronger decisions and deeper relationships.
We anchor this belief in a simple phrase: “Everyone’s welcome at the dog park.” No matter your background, identity, or role, there’s space for you here. There’s no one way to show up at the dog park— just shared space, mutual respect, and the freedom to be yourself. Being included is just the beginning, it’s about contributing your voice, growing through challenges, and building trust through shared goals. This philosophy guides how we lead, how we hire, how we communicate, and how we grow.
We continuously evaluate to ensure we are creating a consistent experience that cultivates belonging for all employees, from hiring and performance reviews to talent development. We also believe Belonging happens in everyday moments of connection; lunch with a new teammate, a shared laugh, or a quick story about your weekend. Our structure includes biannual employee surveys, manager training, TFD camps, and support from Humans to ensure we’re listening and learning from our Team.
Together, these efforts reflect what Belonging means at TFD: a culture where everyone can thrive.
Market-competitive compensation and equity packages
Your pet interrupting video calls (and in-person meetings) is now a feature, not a bug
The Farmer's Dog, Inc. is an equal employment opportunity employer and does not discriminate in hiring on the basis of sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, creed, national origin, physical or mental disability, protected veteran status or any other legally protected characteristic or status. For more information, please visit Know Your Rights.
TFD complies with applicable federal, state, and local disability laws and makes reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. If a reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job