ProductionOS, a team within ArsenalOS, is responsible for building software that accelerates the production and delivery of customer-ready hardware. Forge is our flagship product - it is an ever-evolving, home-grown software platform that facilitates the receipt, manufacturing, deployment and maintenance of Anduril hardware across the globe. Forge is a growing, vital piece of Anduril’s broader mission to deliver high-quality hardware with equally high throughput. We are looking for a looking for a Product Designer to elevate the immersion, efficiency, and consistency across the Forge user experiences that will enable Anduril’s mission.
What You'll Do
As a Product Designer for Forge, you’ll be responsible for designing end-to-end user experiences for the growing number of Forge applications. More tactically, you will:
Contribute to roadmap shaping and decision-making for product and design strategy.
Own all aspects of design execution from discovery, ideation, prototyping, testing, and implementation.
Use storytelling to align and bring stakeholders along in your design process.
Play an influential role in shaping the end-to-end experiences for critical manufacturing and onsite workflows.
Balance short-term tactical bets while making meaningful progress towards long-term design system pursuits.
Collaborate with the central Product Design team identifying opportunities to collaborate on shared best practices and learnings.
Create scalable components for mobile, tablet, and desktop, considering the unique physical environments of manufacturing floors and high-rate production settings.
Develop and mature the design system, focusing on creating reusable components that enhance consistency and efficiency across all platforms.
Evangelize design decisions and create design tenets that evolve into strategic design work.
Engage in on-site research, embracing the Gemba philosophy by visiting shop floors and work stations to gain firsthand understanding of user needs and environments.
Required Qualifications
High attention to detail and mastery of visual & interaction design craft.
Online portfolio demonstrating multimodal experiences.
Ability to clearly articulate the why, process, and impact of your work.
Must be able to travel up to 25% of the time.
Strong skills in visual design, interaction design with micro-interactions and animations.
Proficiency in creating scalable components for various devices and environments.
Experience in developing and implementing design systems.
Comfort with on-site research and understanding of manufacturing and production environments.
Preferred Qualifications
Familiarity with the hardware-related industries, such as supply chain, manufacturing, or logistics.
Advanced knowledge of visual design principles, including layout, color theory, typography, and Gestalt principles.
Experience with design tools such as Figma, Sketch, or Adobe Creative Suite.
Understanding of accessibility standards and their application in design.
The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including:
At Anduril, we invest in our people. Our comprehensive, competitive benefits package (available at little to no cost to employees) ensures you’re supported in health, recovery, and whatever comes next. For more information, Explore Our Benefits.
Anduril is committed to maintaining the integrity of our Talent acquisition process and the security of our candidates. We've observed a rise in sophisticated phishing and fraudulent schemes where individuals impersonate Anduril representatives, lu