Trideum Corporation is a 100% employee-owned company, committed to embracing the world’s toughest challenges with a servant’s heart. Through dedicated hard work and commitment, we provide distinctive quality and unparalleled customer service in all aspects of our business. We also know that our employees are the key to our success, and it is our mission to take care of them so they can take care of our customers and communities where we live, work, and play.
Position Summary
We are seeking a User Experience (UX) / Human-Machine Interface (HMI) Design Engineer with experience in software design and user-centered principles, along with familiarity with systems engineering concepts.
This position supports a complex, highly connected software ecosystem where thoughtful UX and UI design directly impacts user effectiveness. The designer will work across software, systems, and test teams to ensure cohesive and intuitive workflows that span multiple components. This role requires the ability to design UI and UX solutions for complex, integrated software environments and understand how interconnected system behaviors shape user experience.
The selected candidate will work at our office in Huntsville, AL, with a hybrid schedule that includes both in-office (4 days a week) and remote (1 day a week) work.
What You’ll Do
Create wireframes, prototypes, and UI mockups using industry-standard tools.
Develop and maintain UI component libraries and design system elements to support consistent interface patterns.
Conduct qualitative and quantitative user research and apply UX best practices to ensure intuitive workflows in complex, interconnected systems.
Produce UX artifacts as needed (e.g., user models, experience maps, and task models).
Collaborate closely with software engineers, systems engineers, testers, and Subject Matter Experts to design intuitive user interfaces aligned with system behaviors and requirements.
Translate technical concepts and workflows into user-friendly, efficient, and engaging design solutions.
Document interface behaviors and support integration efforts.
Participate in Agile/Scrum development processes and stay up-to-date on industry trends.
Requirements And Qualifications
A bachelor's degree in UX design, graphic design, or a related field and a minimum 4+ years of experience in UX/UI design
Candidates with a Master’s degree and less than 4 years of experience may also be considered
Experience designing complex or enterprise-level applications with interconnected components or workflows.
A portfolio showcasing your UX design process and skills
A passion for user-centered design and problem-solving
Proficiency in Figma, or similar design tools
Ability to develop both low- and high-fidelity prototypes.
Excellent communication skills and the ability to present and explain design decisions.
Familiarity with Agile development environments.
US citizenship with the ability to obtain a Secret security clearance.
Whether You’re Looking To Launch a New Career Or Grow An Existing One, Trideum Is The Type Of Company Where You Can Balance Great Work With Great Life Because We Believe That Taking Care Of Our People Is The Right Thing To Do. Trideum Offers
Competitive pay is based on the work you do here and not your previous salary.
Traditional benefits such as medical, dental, vision, life, disability, and 401k matching.
Paid leave and the ability to cash out leave.
Free access to certified financial planners, wellness and support services, and discount programs.
Education assistance and professional development opportunities.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other characteristic protected by law. People with disabilities who need a reasonable accommodation to apply or compete for employment with Trideum may request such accommodation(s