Facilitate design exercises that encourage participatory and iterative design techniques
Work closely with design and product leadership to become a key player in determining the future direction of Esri’s field applications
Requirements
5+ years of experience designing applications
Expert knowledge of user-centered design principles and platform interface guidelines
Proficient skills with design software including Sketch, or Figma
Experience creating diagrams, wireframes, prototypes, and high-fidelity interface design
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Proven ability to solve problems in collaboration with a team of designers, engineers, and QA as well as with business stakeholders
Bachelor's degree in human factors, interaction design, psychology, or a related field
Recommended Qualifications
Background in software engineering to include writing code as part of your career, hobbies, or education
Experience working client side as a UX designer on products at a software development company
Please include a link to your portfolio or samples of recent work. Samples should demonstrate design skills and a mix of low and high-fidelity design deliverables.
Total RewardsEsri’s competitive total rewards strategy includes industry-leading health and welfare benefits: medical, dental, vision, basic and supplemental life insurance for employees (and their families), 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, minimum accrual of 80 hours of vacation leave, twelve paid holidays throughout the calendar year, and opportunities for personal and professional growth. Base salary is one component of our total rewards strategy. Compensation decisions and the base range for this role take into account many factors including but not limited to skill sets; experience and training; licensure and certifications; and other business and organizational needs.
A reasonable estimate of the base salary range is: $112,320 USD - $176,592 USD
At Esri, diversity is more than just a word on a map. When employees of different experiences, perspectives, backgrounds, and cultures come together, we are more innovative and ultimately a better place to work. We believe in having a diverse workforce that is unified under our mission of creating positive global change. We understand that diversity, equity, and inclusion is not a destination but an ongoing process. We are committed to the continuation of learning, growing, and changing our workplace so every employee can contribute to their life’s best work. Our commitment to these principles extends to the global communities we serve by creating positive change with GIS technology. For more information on Esri’s Racial Equity and Social Justice initiatives, please visit our website here.
If you don’t meet all of the preferred qualifications for this position, we encourage you to still apply!
Esri is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you need reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please email askcareers@esri.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information. Please note that only those inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will be responded to from this e-mail address.
Esri Privacy Esri takes our responsibility to protect your privacy seriously. We are committed to respecting your privacy by providing transparency in how we acquire and use your information, giving you control of your information and preferences, and holding ourselves to the highest national and international standards, including CCPA and GDPR compliance.
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Esri by 2x
Sign in to set job alerts for “Senior Product Designer” roles.
By clicking Continue to join or sign i