Join to apply for the Advanced Designer, UI/UX role at WB Games / Avalanche
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
See who WB Games / Avalanche has hired for this role
Join to apply for the Advanced Designer, UI/UX role at WB Games / Avalanche
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
Join to save Advanced Designer, UI/UX at WB Games / Avalanche
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
Welcome to Warner Bros. Discovery… the stuff dreams are made of.
When we say, “the stuff dreams are made of,” we’re not just referring to the world of wizards, dragons and superheroes, or even to the wonders of Planet Earth. Behind WBD’s vast portfolio of iconic content and beloved brands, are the storytellers bringing our characters to life, the creators bringing them to your living rooms and the dreamers creating what’s next…
From brilliant creatives, to technology trailblazers, across the globe, WBD offers career defining opportunities, thoughtfully curated benefits, and the tools to explore and grow into your best selves. Here you are supported, here you are celebrated, here you can thrive.
Avalanche is a Warner Bros. Games studio located in downtown Salt Lake City nestled against the backdrop of the beautiful Wasatch Mountains. We’ve been in the video game business since 1995, creating interactive experiences for fans of the world’s largest franchises. Join the team behind the blockbuster open world, action RPG Hogwarts Legacy as we create what’s next!
Avalanche Software, a division of Warner Brothers Games Inc. seeks an Advanced UI/UX Designer. Join the team who created Hogwarts Legacy, a new open world, action RPG set in the Wizarding World. You will partner with other designers to develop interfaces that form the experiential surface-area of the game, embodying the vision and values articulated by the game’s directors.
Understand the creative vision of the directors, and build a UX that supports those values
Immerse the player in the game’s world both outside and inside gameplay, from client launch to exit
Build wireframes for player interfaces, collaborating closely with design, art, and engineering stakeholders
Using Blueprints and UMG, implement a cohesive, consistent, and intuitive user experience
8+ years of professional experience in a design role
One or more shipped titles as a UI/UX designer
Strong theoretical foundation in UX and accessibility principles
Proficiency with Figma or equivalent design tools
Working knowledge of Unreal Engine 5, especially Blueprints, UMG, and View Model
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal
Passion for games, a positive attitude, and a sincere desire to collaborate with others
This last bit is probably the most important! Here at WBD, our guiding principles are the core values by which we operate and are central to how we get things done. You can find them at www.wbd.com/guiding-principles/ along with some insights from the team on what they mean and how they show up in their day to day. We hope they resonate with you and look forward to discussing them during your interview.
Warner Bros. Discovery embraces the opportunity to build a workforce that reflects a wide array of perspectives, backgrounds and experiences. Being an equal opportunity employer means that we take seriously our responsibility to consider qualified candidates on the basis of merit, without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, mental or physical disability, and genetic information, marital status, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status or any other category protected by law.
If you’re a qualified candidate with a disability and you require adjustments or accommodations during the job