Maternity Leave (Short-Term Disability + Baby Bonding): 28-30 weeks
Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location from the following: Seattle, WA, USA; San Jose, CA, USA . Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.
1 year of experience in an applied research setting (e.g., product or academic), or a related role.
Experience in programming languages used for data manipulation and computational statistics (e.g., Python, R, MATLAB, C++, Java, or Go).
Preferred qualifications:
Master's degree or PhD in Human-Computer Interaction, Cognitive Science, Statistics, Psychology, Anthropology, or a related field.
1 year of experience conducting UX research on products and working in a large, matrixed organization.
Experience with artificial intelligence concepts, large language models, or prompt engineering.
Experience executing end-to-end quantitative research studies, including large-scale survey design and A/B test analysis.
Experience translating quantitative findings into actionable insights for cross-functional partners.
At Google, we "Focus on the user and all else will follow." As a Quantitative User Experience Researcher (Quant UXR), you make this possible. You will join a multi-disciplinary team, collaborating closely with Engineering and Product Management to create industry-leading, innovative products.
You will drive impact at all stages of development by investigating user behavior through empirical methods like logs analysis, survey research, and regression. We value diverse educational experiences—from Computer Science to Psychology—and require a blend of behavioral research design, statistical proficiency, and programming skills to uncover actionable insights. Beyond the work, you will grow within a supportive Quant UXR community offering mentorship, regular meetups, and exclusive internal tools to help you thrive.
In this role, you will focus on characterizing how artificial intelligence is changing data engineering workflows and identifying new opportunities to boost engineer productivity at scale. You will approach investigative tasks in an Artificial Intelligence (AI)-native way, experimenting with new analytical approaches and tools alongside a collaborative team of researchers. You will apply your investigative rigor and translate complex quantitative insights into clear narratives that inform critical product decisions.
User experience is at the forefront of how we create intuitive, innovative, and beautiful products that people love. We strive to learn and understand our users’ needs, behaviors, and emotions to gather insights that inform product strategy and design. Our UX teams include designers, researchers, content strategists, and engineers who are passionate about quality, usability, and simplicity. We work on collaborative teams to solve complex challenges and craft experiences that highlight our products’ unique capabilities and personalities. Our work touches billions while exemplifying a key principle that is core to Google’s philosophy: “Focus on the user and all else will follow.”Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $109000 - $155000 (USD) + 15% bonus target + equity + benefits
Execute quantitative user research studies, including large-scale surveys, logs analysis, and A/B test analysis.
Apply descriptive and inferential statistics to large and complex datasets using tools like SQL, R, or Python.
Explore and apply AI-native investigative approaches to accelerate data processing and automate research tasks.
Partner with User Experience (UX) Designers, Product Managers, and Engineers to scope research questions and integrate data-motivated insights into the product development lifecycle.
Track and report on predefined user-centered metrics, communicating research findings and their implications to project teams.
Google is proud