Demonstrates a clear vision for the future and works with Design Director to communicate and realize complex ideas.
Work closely with cross-functional teams, including marketing, product development, and sales, to understand design requirements and deliver creative solutions that align with business goals.
Strong communicator both visually and verbally. Must articulate design intent while being flexible to client needs.
Coordinate with internal and external teams to design and deliver on time.
Work closely with print vendors and UI/UX Designers to bring your ideas to life.
Incorporate feedback from team members and stakeholders, providing revisions and updates as needed. Strive for continuous improvement and excellence in design output.
Manage multiple design projects simultaneously, from concept to completion. Ensure timely delivery of high-quality designs that meet project objectives and deadlines.
Develop visually compelling and on-brand design concepts for various marketing materials, including but not limited to print collateral, digital assets, social media graphics, and presentations.
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Graphic Design, Vistual Design, Visual Arts, or related field.
Strong portfolio showcasing a diverse range of design projects.
2-4 years real world experience, either in-house or at an agency.
Ability to manage multiple projects and meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment.
Strong attention to detail and a keen eye for design aesthetics.
Knowledge of print, and digital, animation and video production processes.
Demonstrates strong understanding of line, proportion & use of color. Strong visual communicator.
Ability to show sound judgement and effective communication skills (written & verbal).
Ability to effectively manage stress, including competing work demands and multiple projects at the same time.
Familiar with creative and collaborative tools/platforms: Adobe and Figma.
Our Benefits: Cirrus provides a range of exciting benefits, including:
Comprehensive Health Coverage: Medical, vision, dental, with additional dependent coverage options
Employer-Paid Coverages: Group term life, short- and long-term disability insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts: FSA and HSA offerings with company contributions to HSA
Well-being: Calm Health, Employee Assistance Program, and wellness incentives through medical provider
401(k) Plan: Dollar-for-dollar match up to 5% after 90 days, with 100% vesting at 1 year of service
PTO: Various PTO plans starting at 100 hours accrued within the first year
Additional Time off Benefits: Paid holidays, 2 weeks of Paid Parental leave, paid time for funeral leave and jury duty
Career Development: Tuition reimbursement program and professional growth opportunities
Exclusive Discounts: Cirrus Store, partner and marketplace discounts available
Community & Engagement: Company and employee clubs at various locations
These benefits are designed to support your well-being, growth, and enjoyment at Cirrus!
Design, Art/Creative, and Information Technology
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Cirrus by 2x
Get notified about new Visual Designer jobs in Alcoa, TN .
Web Designer and Digital Humanities Editor: Department of History - UTK
Web Designer and Digital Humanities Editor: Department of History - UTK
Creative Team (Art Director / Copywriter) - Creative Social
Creative Team (Art Director / Copywriter) - Creative Social
Campus Interior Designer - Facilities Services - UTK
Campus Interior Designer - Facilities Services - UTK
Social Content Specialist - University of Tennessee
Social Content Specialist - University of Tennessee
Training Specialist - Instructional Design Graphics - Oak Ridge, TN
Training Specialist - Instructional Design Graphics - Oak Ridge, TN
Visual Merchandiser Keyholder - West Town Mall - Knoxville, TN
Visual Merchandiser Keyholder - West Town Mall - Knoxville, TN
Associate Director, Senior Service Designer (GenAI Experience)
Associate Director, Senior Servic