Designing prototypes incorporating modern design patterns and best practices across various mediums (i.e. emails, web banners, websites, social, mobile apps) Creating responsive layouts that can adapt to different screen sizes.
Problem solve based on current design trends.
Qualifications:
5+ years working at an advertising agency or in marketing design
A portfolio that shows campaign range across email, banner and social, and deeper design-system and component practice.
Adobe Creative Suite (XD / Photoshop / Illustrator).
Digital marketing and web/mobile design best practices.
Forward design thinking and able to translate brand standards to effective digital designs.
Equal Opportunity Employer: Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Age, Genetic Information, Disability, Protected Veteran Status, or any other legally protected group status.
At Cella, a randstad digital company, we welcome people of all abilities and want to ensure that our hiring and interview process meets the needs of all applicants. If you require a reasonable accommodation to make your application or interview experience a great one, please contact HRsupport@randstadusa.com.
Pay offered to a successful candidate will be based on several factors including the candidate's education, work experience, work location, specific job duties, certifications, etc. In addition, Cella by randstad digital offers a comprehensive benefits package, including: medical, prescription, dental, vision, AD&D, and life insurance offerings, short-term disability, and a 401K plan (all benefits are based on eligibility).
Qualified applicants in San Francisco with criminal histories will be considered for employment in accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act.
We will consider for employment all qualified Applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles' Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Cella by 2x
Get notified about new Digital Designer jobs in Irvine, CA .
-
Million Dollar Baby Co. (Babyletto, Namesake, daVinci & Nursery Works)
-
-
-
Graphic Designer and Creative Content Specialist
Graphic Designer and Creative Content Specialist
-
Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .