By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
Job Description:
At Bank of America, we are guided by a common purpose to help make financial lives better through the power of every connection. We do this by driving Responsible Growth and delivering for our clients, teammates, communities and shareholders every day.
Being a Great Place to Work and providing a culture of caring is core to how we drive Responsible Growth. We are intentional about fostering an inclusive workplace where every teammate has the opportunity to succeed, build a career and contribute to our shared success. This includes attracting and developing exceptional talent, recognizing and rewarding performance, and supporting our teammates’ physical, emotional, and financial wellness through affordable, competitive and flexible benefits.
We value the unique perspectives individuals bring from all backgrounds and career paths - whether shaped by military service, community college education, or a wide range of work and life experiences. These journeys foster resilience, leadership and innovation, strengthening our workforce and positively impact the communities we serve.
Bank of America is committed to an in-office culture that supports collaboration, engagement, and career development. Our approach includes clear in-office expectations, while providing an appropriate level of flexibility based on role-specific responsibilities and business needs.
At Bank of America, you can build a successful career with opportunities to learn, grow, and make an impact. Join us!
Bank of America’s Experience Design (XD) team creates world-class end-to-end digital experiences that are intuitive, innovative, engaging and inclusive. We are a multi-disciplinary design organization with expertise across product design, content design, design research, design operations, and design technology. The team is constantly defining, iterating, solving problems, and working together to find ways all our digital platforms can empower customers to reach their financial goals by designing and delivering next-level experiences that provide ease, convenience and safety while matching to individual needs and preferences.
Bank of America is looking for an Experience Designer (XD) IV that will lead design strategy and vision across portfolios for an interdisciplinary product design team that delivers strategic and tactical solutions in support of our Digital Platforms and the Erica AI Virtual Assistant. A trusted advisor for Directors, senior leaders and the Experience Design team for highest quality execution across a complex portfolio of projects. Leader for the team on vision, quality, execution, professionalism, and delivering on-time and on-budget. The role will shape the vision of experience strategies with deep domain knowledge and continuously craft new frameworks shifting teams from execution to strategy to influence leaders, peers, and stakeholders from across the organization and ensure roadmap projects are delivered with a high bar of design and experience quality, adding to a culture of creativity, high-energy discourse, and accountability.
This job is responsible for leading through ambiguity at scale for multi-disciplinary Experience Design (XD) delivery, processes and functions for end-to-end digital experiences. Key responsibilities include shaping strategy across different stakeholders, executing autonomously without day-to-day direction from leaders, and developing digital experience solutions for ambiguous problems. Job expectations include broad subject matter expertise and acumen to define and deliver cohesive solutions across multiple initiatives that meet client needs and solve business problems.
As an Experience Design (XD) IV, Product Design you will:
Lead, design, optimize and deliver u