Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location from the following: San Francisco, CA, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA; Seattle, WA, USA . Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Human-Computer Interaction, Design, or equivalent practical experience.
8 years of experience in front-end development or UX engineering, including 3 years of experience using SwiftUI.
Preferred qualifications:
Master’s degree in Computer Science, Human-Computer Interaction, Design, or equivalent practical experience.
5 years of experience in technical leadership and managing projects.
Familiarity working across full tech stacks and production environments.
Deep understanding of UX practices and processes, including user-centered design and research.
About the job At Google, we "Focus on the user and all else will follow." Our UX Engineers are versatile, passionate, and driven to advance the goal for our design teams. Comfortable working across discipline lines, you will develop products and prototypes that bring innovative ideas to life.
Joining a multi-disciplinary UX team, you will collaborate with Engineering and Product Management, using user insights to create industry-leading products. In a fast-paced environment, you will use your creativity, analytical skills, and knowledge of user-facing technologies to: create prototypes that define product experiences; launch innovative features; build tools to accelerate UX teams; and bridge design and engineering to ensure efficient, high-quality execution.
As a part of this role, you will sit somewhere between a traditional iOS developer and UX engineer, shipping production-quality features in partnership with both engineering and design teams. In this role, you will need a strong knowledge of iOS development as well as experience working with research and design teams to define and deliver new features, test new concepts and assist with final implementation. You will work closely with interaction and motion designers to create a compelling interactive perspective, exploring novel interactions, building testable prototypes for usability studies, setting the bar for polish and animation quality, and assisting with final production implementation.
In Google Search, we're reimagining what it means to search for information – any way and anywhere. To do that, we need to solve complex engineering challenges and expand our infrastructure, while maintaining a universally accessible and useful experience that people around the world rely on. In joining the Search team, you'll have an opportunity to make an impact on billions of people globally.Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $188000 - $274000 (USD) + 20% bonus target + equity + benefits
Test concepts for iteration, research, and validation while conceiving and delivering innovative, engaging prototypes and driving explorations of experiences across a portfolio of features and products in the app.
Partner with senior members of the team, promote standards, and integrate changes into guidelines, and collaborate effectively across functional teams.
Lead or contribute to key projects, ensuring a holistic systems-thinking approach, advocating for user needs across platforms and applications, and fostering a system-wide design mindset within the team.
Contribute to key projects, ensuring a holistic systems-thinking approach and advocating for user needs across platforms and applications while fostering a system-wide design mindset within the team.
Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applic