Join to apply for the Design Researcher: Data Strategist role at Corgan
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
Join to apply for the Design Researcher: Data Strategist role at Corgan
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features.
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
At Corgan we are passionate about great design but the best thing we build is each other. Here, you’ll find camaraderie and collaboration as abundantly as curiosity and creativity. Corgan is a welcoming and supportive environment that provides significant career advantages. You’ll find room to grow, freedom to explore &mdash; and the safety to fail. Thank you for your interest in joining our curious, passionate, hardworking team.
Corgan is actively recruiting a dynamic Design Researcher  - Data Strategist  to join the firm as part of our Hugo team. Tackle these responsibilities alongside a team of creative, highly motivated individuals who are passionate about their work and ready to collaborate to achieve outstanding results. Our ideal team member is passionate and progressively seeking more responsibilities to expand their expertise.
As a Design Researcher, you will play a crucial role in gathering and analyzing data to inform design decisions and shape user experiences. You will work closely with cross functional teams under the direction of the Hugo Director  to uncover user insights, track emerging trends, develop data strategies, and creating compelling information designs that enhance user engagement.
Design and execute qualitative and quantitative research methods, such as user interviews, surveys, usability tests, and analytics analysis to uncover and collect relevant data.
Collaborate with data scientists and analysts to identify and leverage relevant data sources
Collaborate with stakeholders to identify research objectives and develop research plans
Conduct user testing and iterate designs based on user feedback
Conduct comprehensive research on user behavior, needs, and preferences to inform design decisions
Analyze research findings and synthesize complex data into actionable insights
Collaborate with designers to translate research insights into design recommendations and improvements
Leverage secondary and primary data to create intuitive and visually appealing information designs, data visualizations, and interactive prototypes
Develop predictive design models and analysis tools
Develop and implement data strategies that align with organizational goals and objectives
Create industry trend reports, geographical data comparisons, demographic studies
Research, develop and create industry-specific and user-focused trend reports
Stay up-to-date with industry trends and advancements in data strategy and information design
Bachelors degree with a focus on Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) Information Design, Data Science, Business Analytics, Applied Statistics, or a related field.
3-5 years proven experience as a Design researcher or similar role, with a focus on data strategy and information design
Experience with -  Developing market trends analysis and mapping trends and insights across multiple industries
Architecture or Interior Design industry is a plus
Design Programs: Sketchup, Revit, or other 3D modeling programs is a plus
Research Platforms: UserTesting, dscout, Qualtrics, Survey Monkey, Microsoft Forms, and other survey platforms is a plus
Research Strategy: Proficiency in developing and executing research strategy with