Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. We pioneered cloud computing and never stopped innovating — that’s why customers from the most successful startups to Global 500 companies trust our robust suite of products and services to power their businesses.
Amazon values diverse experiences. Even if you do not meet all of the preferred qualifications and skills listed in the job description, we encourage candidates to apply. If your career is just starting, hasn’t followed a traditional path, or includes alternative experiences, don’t let it stop you from applying.
We value work-life harmony. Achieving success at work should never come at the expense of sacrifices at home, which is why flexible work hours and arrangements are part of our culture. When we feel supported in the workplace and at home, there’s nothing we can’t achieve in the cloud.
Here at AWS, it’s in our nature to learn and be curious. Our employee-led affinity groups foster a culture of inclusion that empower us to be proud of our differences. Ongoing events and learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences, inspire us to never stop embracing our uniqueness.
We’re continuously raising our performance bar as we strive to become Earth’s Best Employer. That’s why you’ll find endless knowledge-sharing, mentorship and other career-advancing resources here to help you develop into a better-rounded professional
Basic Qualifications
Experience designing and launching new products from the ground up
Experience with web, mobile web, or mobile app front-end development
BS degree in computer science or equivalent, or 4+ years of technical work experience
Preferred Qualifications
Experience working in a collaborative team and working directly with developers for implementation of designs
Portfolio of work that demonstrates how you have used technology to create design solutions
Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of protected veteran status, disability, or other legally protected status.
Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.
The base salary range for this position is listed below. Your Amazon package will include sign-on payments and restricted stock units (RSUs). Final compensation will be determined based on factors including experience, qualifications, and location. Amazon also offers comprehensive benefits including health insurance (medical, dental, vision, prescription, Basic Life & AD&D insurance and option for Supplemental life plans, EAP, Mental Health Support, Medical Advice Line, Flexible Spending Accounts, Adoption and Surrogacy Reimbursement coverage), 401(k) matching, paid time off, and parental leave. Learn more about our benefits at https://amazon.jobs/en/benefits.
USA, IL, Chicago - 131,800.00 - 178,300.00 USD annually
USA, NY, New York - 145,000.00 - 196,100.00 USD annually
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Amazon Web Services (AWS) by 2x
Get notified about new Design Technologist jobs in New York, United States .
Sr Design Technologist, Delivery Science and Engineering
Sr Design Technologist, Delivery Science and Engineering
Design Technologist, Advertising UX, Design Systems
Design Technologist, Advertising UX, Design Systems
Sr. Product Designer, AWS Events Tech Team & Marketer Experience
Sr. Product Designer, AWS Events Tech Team & Marketer Experience
Senior Design Technologist, Design Systems, CNN
Senior Design Technologist, Design Systems, CNN
-
-
Asset & We