The successful applicant will have the ability to appropriately plan and see assignments through to completion with minimal direction, develop timing, meet project schedules, manage risks, accurately quote design, and systematically solve problems.
What You Will Do
Be a team member in a global organization designing and developing leading edge new products and components for the high-speed cable and connector industry.
You will be interfacing with professional cross functional team members in our signal integrity team, manufacturing integration team, program management, sales organization, state of the art test laboratories, high tech R&D model shop, manufacturing and senior leadership teams
Develop and validate new interconnect products, including high speed connectors, connector cable assemblies, and miscellaneous related mechanical hardware for datacom and telecom applications such as hubs, servers, switches, routers.
Collaborating to develop cost competitive and creative designs with the manufacturing, and signal integrity team that are efficient to manufacture while meeting our high-performance market requirements
Develop product and application specifications documents for testing that meet our customer requirements and general market expectations
Present concepts and detailed requirements internally and to customers to obtain support for development of major new products.
Support Manufacturing and Quality Assurance during product launches and have travel opportunities to visit our manufacturing sites and meet the global team
Create relationships with cross functional team members and peers through team building activities and growth opportunities operating as One Molex Team
Help lead the organization in identification, evaluation, and implementation of new technologies and methodologies to enable next generation products, improve costs and quality, as well as improve New Product Development (NPD) engineering processes.
Work with marketing and external customers to help define new project opportunities and strategize on overall design.
Work with quality and external suppliers to help ensure product requirements are met.
Collaborate closely and directly with customer engineering during product development lifecycle.
Provide application and technical support to consolidate inputs from Marketing, customers, and external consultants into product concepts and detailed requirements.
Who You Are (Basic Qualifications)
Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering or related discipline
5+ years of experience in Product Design Engineering in electronic components
Experience with welding, stamping, plating, or plastic injection molding/insert molding, and connector and cable harness assembly
Knowledge in developing engineering documentation including DFMEAs
Working knowledge in Data Analysis, preferably using Excel, Minitab, and/or Power BI
Proficiency in CAD, preferably in NX, Team Center
Experience designing high-speed interfaces, cable and board mount connectors
Twinax termination, PCB surface mount and compression technologies
Design Board launches (EON, SMT, compression, etc.)
High Density Board termination rework process
For this role, we anticipate paying $100,000-$120,000 per year. This role is eligible for variable pay, issued as a monetary bonus or in another form.
At Koch companies, we are entrepreneurs. This means we openly challenge the status quo, find new ways to create value and get rewarded for our individual contributions. Any compensation range provided for a role is an estimate determined by available market data. The actual amount may be higher or lower than the range provided considering each candidate's knowledge, skills, abilities, and geographic location. If you have questions, please speak to your recruiter about the flexibility and detail of our compensation philosophy.
All Koch companies value diversity of thought, perspectives, aptitudes, experiences, and backgrounds. We are Military Ready and Second C