Our team values curiosity, collaboration, experimentation, strong design craft, and customer empathy. This is an opportunity to solve complex problems for security professionals while helping shape the evolving Splunk experience within Cisco.
Your Impact
As a Product Designer, you will focus primarily on Splunk Security experiences supporting Security Operations Center (SOC) users. You will partner closely with product managers, engineers, researchers, and other designers to understand complex security workflows, identify gaps and opportunities, explore concepts, and translate them into intuitive product experiences. Success in this role means bringing a strong user perspective to complex problems and helping cross-functional teams move from requirements and technical capabilities to thoughtful, usable solutions.
Develop user flows, wireframes, interactive prototypes, and high-fidelity designs for Splunk Security experiences.
Partner with Product Management and Engineering to understand product requirements, technical capabilities, and constraints and translate them into effective user experiences.
Evaluate complex workflows from the user’s perspective, identify gaps and opportunities, and develop design options that help teams arrive at well-informed solutions.
Iterate on designs using feedback from users, research, designers, product partners, and engineers, and collaborate with Engineering through implementation.
Apply established design systems and use modern design and AI-assisted tools to explore concepts and accelerate prototyping.
Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree with 5+ years of related experience or Master’s degree with 3+ years of related experience.
3+ years of professional experience in product design, UX design, or UI/UX design creating digital product experiences.
Experience creating user flows, wireframes, interactive prototypes, and high-fidelity product designs using Figma or similar design and prototyping tools.
Experience designing complex workflows or data-rich experiences and translating product requirements and technical capabilities into user-centered design solutions.
Experience using AI-enabled design or prototyping tools to develop, iterate, or enhance product design concepts.
Preferred Qualifications
Experience designing enterprise software, SaaS, cybersecurity, IT, or other technically complex products.
Familiarity with Security Operations Center (SOC) workflows or security concepts such as threat detection, investigation, triage, intelligence, or incident response.
Strong visual and interaction design skills, including experience evaluating end-to-end workflows and identifying usability or experience gaps.
Demonstrated critical thinking and curiosity when exploring complex product or user problems, including the ability to identify gaps and ask questions that improve the solution.
Experience working with or contributing to established design systems and exploring emerging AI-assisted design approaches such as Figma Make, Claude, MCP-based workflows, or similar technologies.
At Cisco, we’re revolutionizing how data and infrastructure connect and protect organizations in the AI era – and beyond. We’ve been innovating fearlessly for 40 years to create solutions that power how humans and technology work together across the physical and digital worlds. These solutions provide customers with unparalleled security, visibility, and insights across the entire digital footprint.
Fueled by the depth and breadth of our technology, we experiment and create meaningful solutions. Add to that our worldwide network of doers and experts, and you’ll see that the opportunities to grow and build are limitless. We work as a team, collaborating with empathy to make really big things happen on a global scale. Because our solutions are everywhere, our impact is everywhere.
Message to applicants applying to work in the U.S. and/or Canada:
The starting salary range posted for this position is $115,800.00 to $163,200