By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
Job Title: Intern, UI/UX Design - Spring 2027
Job Description
Spring 2027 Full-Time Internship – Mountain View, CA
Combine creative thinking with software and hardware development knowledge.
Develop user-interactive concepts and experiences.
Collaborate with designers and engineers to create interactive prototypes.
Contribute own ideas to enhance user experiences and prototype solutions.
Research emerging technologies & find new applications for automotive.
Experience Strategy, User Experience Design, and User Journey Development.
Integrate sensor data into interactive user experiences.
Currently enrolled in a bachelor’s or master’s degree program at an accredited college or university.
Minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0 (overall, not just major).
Completed at least 60 college credit hours at the time of application.
Ability to work full-time (36.25 hours/week).
Must submit an unofficial college transcript with your application.
Field of Study: Product Design, Interaction Design, Design Strategy, Computer Science, Cognitive Science, or related.
Advanced knowledge of AI prototyping tools (e.g., ChatGPT, Microsoft Copilot, Claude, Gemini, Cursor, Lovable, Bolt, v0, and Figma AI) for rapid ideation, concept validation, UX design, and prototype development.
Strong user empathy with solid interaction design experience and a keen eye for UI graphics.
Advanced Knowledge in iOS development: UIKit, Swift, and Android development (Java or Kotlin).
Knowledge in Adobe Suite: Photoshop, Illustrator, After Effects, Adobe XD, or related program.
Knowledge of JavaScript frameworks such as Node.js, Express.js, React.js, and ReactNative.js.
Experience with microcontrollers and IoT devices (e.g., Arduino), plus familiarity with Raspberry Pi, Python, MQTT, and Flutter.
Paid time off in addition to company paid holidays where eligible.
Relocation assistance is not available for this position. This is a hybrid role that requires in office days at the Mountain View, CA office.
Undergraduate students: Hourly rate is $32.50.
The selected student's academic level will be used to determine the final pay rate. This statement is in accordance with state and local pay disclosure requirements.
As part of the hiring process, you may be required to successfully pass a background check. A satisfactory completion of a background investigation including verification of education, prior employment, criminal history, credit check history, and pre-employment drug screen to the extent permissible under applicable state law, is a condition of your offer of employment and your continued employment. The results of your background investigation are satisfactory and acceptable in the sole judgement and discretion of BMW Shared Services, LLC.
Even more so than the generous compensation and benefits, the culture and values of BMW of North America makes it the ultimate working environment. These values are Responsibility, Appreciation, Transparency, Trust, and Openness. We allow these values to guide the way we conduct ourselves and our business.
BMW in the United States is an equal opportunity employer. It is the policy of BMW Group in the United States to provide equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all qualified persons regardless of age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status
Design, Art/Creative, and Information Technology
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at BMW Group by 2x
Get notified about new User Experience Design Specialist jobs in Mountain View, CA .
-
[2027] Associate Product Designer, Early Career
[2027] Associate Product Designer, Early Career
-
Product Designer Graduate (TikTok-Design) - 2027 Start
Product Designer Graduate (TikTok-Design) - 2