Work with UX leadership to understand and contribute on the experience strategy for projects
Articulate design decisions and present work to leadership and stakeholders
Collaborate on Hubbell design systems by documenting design patterns, layout choices, and asset repositories
Requirements
Bachelor’s degree in User Experience, Interaction Design, Graphic Design, or a related field or an equivalent in working experience
3+ years of experience in design, marketing or creative services with a focus on web solutions
Ability to work with the Adobe Creative Suite. Experience with InVision, omigraffle, sketch or similar tools is preferred
Proven success in delivering projects in a large scale and in a complex business setting
Lean UX and Design Thinking experience preferred
Strong at gaining consensus across multiple departments and leadership levels
Stellar problem-solving skills, flexibility, and ability to effectively prioritize
Excellent verbal, written communication, and presentation skills with exemplary attention to detail
Effectively present deliverables and prototypes (wireframes, workflows, prototypes, etc.) to explain and negotiate design solutions to key stakeholders
The ability to work with little supervision in delivering high quality work and is capable of effectively collaborating with global, cross-functional teams as needed
Strong critical and strategic thinking skills
Ability to influence cross function groups to a unified direction
Stays current on best design tools, processes, trends, and practices
Self-motivated and able to thrive in a result-driven environment
Apply today and help us build best-in-class digital experiences at Hubbell.
#Hiring #UIDesigner #UXDesign #HubbellCareers #DesignJobs #HybridJobs
Hubbell creates critical infrastructure solutions that power our customers, communities, people and the planet. Our company is strategically aligned around enabling grid modernization and electrification. As more products plug in to an aging grid, Hubbell solutions enable the transition to a more reliable, resilient and efficient energy infrastructure. Founded in 1888 our innovation has made us a leading global manufacturer of high quality electrical and utility solutions enabling customers to operate critical infrastructure reliably and efficiently.
The company operates in two segments. Hubbell Utility Solutions (HUS) enable the grid to conduct, communicate and control energy across utility applications and Hubbell Electrical Solutions (HES) are essential to managing power across a wide range of industries and applications. Our vertical market solutions can be applied to markets including Data Centers, Renewables, Commercial Buildings, Industrial, Telecom and Transportation. Supporting both of our business segments is our corporate and Hubbell Unified Business Solutions teams that provide consistent process, tools technologies across our businesses.
We are committed to operating sustainably and ethically while promoting an inclusive and supportive culture for our people to grow and develop in their careers. Our employees proudly work and serve our communities from our headquarters in Shelton, CT, across the United States and around the globe.
Hubbell Unified Business Services (HUBS) provides corporate shared services to support all businesses across the enterprise. Functional areas include Engineering, Sales, Operations, Marketing, Finance, Legal, IT, Human Resources, Payroll, Environmental Health & Safety, and Compliance. HUBS employees are located around the world.
Hubbell Incorporated, its subsidiaries and affiliates, is an EO Employer AA: M/F/Veteran/Disability. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other protected class.
The above summary of position responsibilities and requirements is not intended, and should not be construed, to be a