In this role you will help design AI-powered product innovations and apply lean product principles in everything you do. You’ll leverage user research, interviews and surveys, and translating them into sitemaps, user flows, customer journey maps, wireframes, mockups and prototypes. You will also be expected to design the overall functionality of these AI-centered experiences, and in order to ensure a great user experience, iterate upon it in accordance with user-testing. Having a strong goal-orientation (vs. a task-orientation) and an anchoring on the client experience will help you navigate the decisions needed to build great products.
What you’ll do:
Work closely and collaborate with product managers, data scientists, and engineers to ensure our solutions are both intuitive and effective.
Translate concepts into user flows, wireframes, mockups and prototypes that lead to intuitive AI-driven user experiences.
Design and deliver wireframes, user journeys, reusable UX components, and mockups optimized for a wide range of devices and interfaces.
Identify design problems and devise elegant solutions based on a user-centered design approach; rapidly test and iterate your designs based on business requirements.
Create high fidelity layouts that highlight important insights, clarify complex data, and create a narrative flow to maximize user impact
Implement a “lean” approach to product development where you and the team strive for early validated learnings that leads to shorter cycle times for delivering customer value
Support multiple long- and short-term projects while actively prioritizing workflow based on ROI, and business value generated.
Degree in a related discipline with 1-2 years’ experience in product/UI design solutions based in completely digital environments.
Understand the basic of HTML, CSS and front-end development.
A solid grasp of user-centered design (UCD), human Computer interaction, understand user research, user testing, A/B testing, rapid prototyping, heuristic analysis, usability and accessibility concerns
A keen understanding and practical experience of what’s involved in designing experiences for AI-powered products.
Thrive to keep abreast of the latest mental model and interaction of SaaS products
Embody a curious mindset to explore and empathize with customers’ pain points
Ability to work with a geographically distributed team to understand detailed requirements and design user experiences that meet client needs and business vision
Strong visual design, brand, and user experience instincts; ability to iterate designs and solutions efficiently and intelligently
Ability to clearly and effectively communicate design processes, ideas, and solutions to teams and clients
Be passionate about resolving user pain points through great design and innovation.
At Gartner, Inc. (NYSE:IT), we guide the leaders who shape the world.
Our mission relies on expert analysis and bold ideas to deliver actionable, objective business and technology insights, helping enterprise leaders and their teams succeed with their mission-critical priorities.
Since our founding in 1979, we’ve grown to 20,000 associates globally who support over 13,000 client enterprises in ~90 countries and territories. We do important, interesting and substantive work that matters. That’s why we hire associates with the intellectual curiosity, energy and drive to want to make a difference. The bar is unapologetically high. So is the impact you can have here.
Our vast, virtually untapped market potential offers limitless opportunities – opportunities that may not even exist right now – for you to grow professionally and flourish personally. How far you go is driven by your passion and performance.
We hire remarkable people who collaborate and win as a team. Together, our singular, unifying goal is to deliver results for our clients.
Our teams are inclusive and composed of individuals from different geographies, cultures, religions, ethnicities, races, gende