The ideal brand designer has a background in environmental graphic design, signage and wayfinding design, and some prior experience designing visual identity systems, brand collateral and communications applications such as social media, presentations, digital marketing, swag, or anything else that contributes to brand fidelity.
You will work on a wide variety of visual identities, environmental graphics, branded environments and wayfinding projects, working with clients, project directors, teams, fabricators and others.
What You Will Do
Contribute to all facets of a project from concept to execution, designing and developing multiple concepts and refining them through client reviews to final implementation.
Create Signage Location Plans, Message Schedules and Design Intent Documentation for projects of various sizes.
Coordinate the development of documentation for construction and installation for signage systems.
Travel occasionally to client sites to perform signage surveys, oversee installs, and conduct punch lists.
Produce design identity guidelines, production-ready artwork, and other materials in support of clients, under the direction of the project team.
Collaborate with multiple internal design practices, including workplace, retail, education, sports, and health & wellness.
Coordinate closely with clients, designers, architects, general contractors and fabricators.
Your Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Graphic Design, Industrial Design, Interior Design or similar.
6-8 years of experience in visual identity design, brand systems, and designing in user-experience based environments.
Experience working in industrial/product/signage detailing and production industry.
Digital/video experience or exhibit/environmental graphic design experience a plus.
Exposure to real estate business, architectural or interior design plans, sections, elevations and details is strongly preferred.
Proficiency with the Adobe Suite (Photoshop, InDesign, Illustrator, Acrobat), MS Office, and/or CAD.
Sketchup & Revit experience a plus but not required.
Demonstrated commitment to sustainability and sustainable building practices.
Please submit a portfolio and resume in PDF format.
For this role in Washington, D.C. the base salary range is estimated to be between $82,000 - $103,000, plus eligibility for bonuses and a comprehensive benefits package, with final compensation contingent on relevant experience. To learn more about our compensation philosophy and full benefits offerings, please visit Great People, Great Rewards | Gensler.
At Gensler, we are as committed to enjoying life as we are to delivering best-in-class design. From curated art exhibits to internal design competitions to “Well-being Awareness Week,” our offices reflect our people’s diverse interests.
We encourage every person at Gensler to lead a healthy and balanced life. Our comprehensive benefits include medical, dental, vision, disability, wellness programs, flex spending, paid holidays, and paid time off. We also offer a 401k, profit sharing, employee stock ownership, and twice annual bonus opportunities. Our annual base salary range has been established based on local markets.
As part of the firm’s commitment to licensure and professional development, Gensler offers reimbursement for certain professional licenses and associated renewals and exam fees. In addition, we reimburse tuition for certain eligible programs or classes. We view our professional development programs as strategic investments in our future.
We are proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer of choice. All aspects of employment decisions will be based on merit, performance, and business needs. We do not discriminate on the basis of any status protected under federal, state and local law.
Individuals with disabilities and protected veterans are encouraged to apply. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with federal, state and local law.
Se