We are looking for a Architect, Software Development - UI to join our team. This is a hybrid role in our San Jose office 3 days per week, reporting to the Senior Manager, Software Development Engineering in the Engineering department. In this role, you will lead a high-performing engineering team working on the development of common UI frameworks, component libraries, and cutting-edge user experiences. Your work will directly influence the direction of user experience for our cybersecurity products, significantly impacting our global customer base by driving front-end innovation.
What You’ll Do (Role Expectations)
Lead and drive the engineering effort for the development and maintenance of reusable UI components for our best-in-class design system using ReactJS/TypeScript
Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including designers, product managers, and software engineers, to define the vision and roadmap for the design system UI component library
Architect and design scalable and efficient UI component frameworks and libraries with a next generation build system
Mentor and provide technical guidance to junior and mid-level engineers, promoting best practices and ensuring code quality
Continuously improve and optimize the performance, accessibility, and usability of the design system's UI components
Who You Are (Success Profile)
You thrive in ambiguity. You're comfortable building the path as you walk it. You thrive in a dynamic environment, seeing ambiguity not as a hindrance, but as the raw material to build something meaningful.
You act like an owner. Your passion for the mission fuels your bias for action. You operate with integrity because you genuinely care about the outcome. True ownership involves leveraging dynamic range: the ability to navigate seamlessly between high-level strategy and hands-on execution.
You are a problem-solver. You love running towards the challenges because you are laser-focused on finding the solution, knowing that solving the hard problems delivers the biggest impact.
You are a high-trust collaborator. You are ambitious for the team, not just yourself. You embrace our challenge culture by giving and receiving ongoing feedback—knowing that candor delivered with clarity and respect is the truest form of teamwork and the fastest way to earn trust.
You are a learner. You have a true growth mindset and are obsessed with your own development, actively seeking feedback to become a better partner and a stronger teammate. You love what you do and you do it with purpose.
What We’re Looking For (Minimum Qualifications)
Foundational understanding of AI/ML technologies and experience leveraging, securing, or positioning AI-driven solutions to optimize outcomes within your functional domain
Minimum of 8+ to 12+ years of professional experience in front-end and UI engineering, with an extensive focus on ReactJS and coaching junior engineers
Deep mastery of JavaScript, CSS positioning/box-model algorithms, Semantic HTML, and data visualization libraries like D3
Strong understanding of front-end build tools, package managers, monorepos, and version control systems including Nx, npm, and Git
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field
What Will Make You Stand Out (Preferred Qualifications)
Experience leveraging AI-powered development tools or designing and architecting intelligent UI component frameworks that incorporate generative AI capabilities
Proven expertise in advanced performance optimization, component composition with a layered-cake approach, and robust test automation strategies
Exceptional leadership and communication skills, with a track record of driving engineering excellence and conveying complex technical concepts to both technical and non-technical stakeholders
Zscaler’s salary ranges are benchmarked and are determined by role and level. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position