Amerisure creates exceptional value for its partners, policyholders, and employees. As a property and casualty insurance company, Amerisure’s promise to our partner agencies and policyholders begins with a comprehensive line of insurance products designed to protect businesses, as well as the health and safety of every employee. With an A.M. Best “A” (Excellent) rating, Amerisure serves mid-sized commercial enterprises focused in construction, manufacturing and healthcare. Ranked as one of the top 100 Property & Casualty companies in the United States, we proudly manage nearly $1 Billion of Direct Written Premium and maintain $1.21 billion in surplus.
We are recruiting for a Designer, User Experience, to join our team. This is a hybrid role working out of our Farmington Hill, MI office 3 days a week and 2 from home.
Position Summary:
The User Experience Designer will spearhead the customer-centric design process and bring the voice of our users to the forefront. Responsibilities will include creation of customer journey maps which are holistic, intuitive, relevant, and personalized, while also going a layer deeper into operational process with the creation of end-to-end process maps that connect user experiences to underlying business operations. The UX Designer will own and deliver intuitive, efficient, and scalable experiences, which may include customer or employee experiences, by aligning customer journeys with operational processes, systems, and cross-functional workflows across product teams.
Provide thought leadership in design thinking and user-centered design.
Work closely with end users, product owners, stakeholders, and teams to understand the full picture, set the vision for the user experience, and ensure the preservation of the original design intent in the final product as well as its position within the entirety of the eco-system.
Translate customer journeys into clearly defined end-to-end business and system processes.
Partner with product, engineering, and business teams to map current-state and future-state processes, identifying pain points, inefficiencies, and opportunities.
Align UX outputs with broader enterprise workflows, data flows, and ecosystem dependencies.
Champion and advocate for the UX organizational transformation.
Act as a subject matter expert on assigned product team(s).
Solve complex design challenges and create enjoyable digital experiences.
Deeply understand your audiences through research, testing, personas, and journeys.
Visualize experiences via wireframes, flow maps, visual mockups, and prototypes.
Contribute to a design language system to help support visual consistency across all digital tools.
Keep abreast of new UX design concepts and technologies.
Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in Human Computer Interaction, Graphic Design, Service Design, other relevant degree, or demonstrated technical field experience required.
5 years of experience in user centered design, product design or service design with a focus on the end-to-end process.
5 years of experience leading UX conversations in a collaborative team setting.
Excellent project management skills including leading agile cross-functional teams.
Demonstrated experience creating process maps and workflow diagrams that connect user experience with business operation.
Ability to analyze and simplify complex systems and operational workflows.
Strong understanding and ability to execute UX Research Methods.
Demonstrated successful ability to create user-centric experiences
Demonstrated successful ability to turn design research into tangible, actionable outcomes
Fluency in best practices for information architecture and responsive design, as well as deep and broad knowledge of usability principles and techniques
Experience in design research, writing user tests and moderating test designs with users.
Proficiency with design/process flow tools such as: Figma, Adobe Creative Suite, Lucid.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, inc