You'll be the second designer on the team, build Hera alongside Ellen, co-founders Jenny, Myles & Connie and a team from Palantir and Headway. As part of our founding team, you would be an owner in the company. We are in person in NYC. Read our story here.
The role
You’ll be Hera’s second designer, partnering closely with our Head of Design Ellen. You’ll own the end-to-end family experience — from first touch through the core product.
Own the 0→1 family product. You’ll design the interface where families first meet Hera, in the hardest moments of their lives. This product doesn’t exist yet. You’ll shape it while human–agent interaction is being reinvented in real time (think Instinct, Grok bot)
Own a slice of Hera Platform. Our Heroes and care teams run on the platform we build. You’ll own family-related workflows there (like patient onboarding) that connect directly to the family experience.
Set the bar for craft and quality. You’ll help evolve the design system and standards that keep every surface worthy of the brand promise as we scale.
Who you are
You’re a product designer. You can take an ambiguous problem, find the sharp edge, and ship software that moves outcomes, even without a dedicated PM.
You set the bar for craft. You have strong visual judgment and a high standard for interaction, copy, and final polish and you can explain the “why” behind your decisions.
You’re comfortable in the code. You work closely with engineering (and can work in a modern codebase when needed) to ensure what ships matches the intended look & feel.
You build systems, not one-offs. You’ve built or meaningfully expanded a design system and you treat it like a product.
You design for trust. You’ve worked in high-stakes contexts (healthcare, finance, caregiving, etc.) and can show how your decisions earn trust in emotionally loaded moments.
You’ve operated in strong product-led environments: High-craft teams, fast iteration, close partnership with engineering.
Worthy of our parents. We don't leave the 20% behind, because that applies to someone's mother. Quality isn't a constraint we tolerate on the path to growth. Quality is the strategy.
Collaboration must be an accelerant. Not everything will be collaborated on and that's fine. We assume good intent always and push the ball forward.
Celebrate human. Humans are at the heart of everything we do: every product decision, every Hero we choose to hire, every person we bring onto the team. For us, empathy is fuel to move with urgency because we know every single day matters for those we serve. We look for missionaries not mercenaries.
Enjoy the uphill. Wrestling problems this hard, in an industry this broken, is a privilege most people never get. We're excited for the summit but the joy is in the climb. If the hard part isn't what's pulling you, this might be the wrong climb.
Attack. Nothing is created in this world without an extraordinary amount of effort. In order to will the change we want to see in the world, we attack problems and play offense. We're here to win to ensure our customers get the world they deserve.
Design, Art/Creative, and Information Technology
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Hera by 2x
Get notified about new Product Designer jobs in New York, NY .
-
-
-
-
Staff and Senior Product Designer (Multiple Roles, Multiple Teams)
Staff and Senior Product Designer (Multiple Roles, Multiple Teams)
-
-
Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .