Join to apply for the Product Designer role at NinjaOne
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
Join to apply for the Product Designer role at NinjaOne
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
About the Role
We are looking for a Product Designer who cares deeply about customers and distilling complex problems into thoughtful, beautiful, holistic software experiences. We’re looking for those who naturally do their best work when collaborating with Product, Engineering and Marketing. Our design squad is a multi-disciplinary team comprising product design, product owners, and software engineering. We work cross-functionally with just about every team to deliver a unified customer experience that inspires and brings value to our diverse customer base.
This role will cover designing new features and enhancements for our suite of PSA and Service Desk products.
Location - We are flexible on remote working from home, if you are located in the USA and reside in one of the following states - CA, CO, CT, FL, GA, *IL, KS, MA, MD, ME, NJ, NC, NY, OR, TN, TX, VA, OH and WA . We have physical offices in Austin, TX and Tampa, FL , if you prefer a hybrid option.
Onsite interviews may be required for this role.
Design new software features and enhancements that align with the business’ top priorities.
Own design for features from discovery through delivery, partnering closely with Product Managers and Engineering counterparts.
Translate ambiguous problems into clear user flows, wireframes and high-fidelity UI designs.
Conduct and synthesize user research (interviews, usability testing, feedback sessions) to inform design decisions.
Work with other designers to continue to enhance overall design quality and ensure consistency across the product.
Contribute to and help maintain our growing Design System.
Balance speed and craft; know when to ship fast and when a detail is worth getting right.
About You
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Graphic/Software Design, or Fine Art is preferred but not required.
4+ years of experience designing user interfaces/experiences for a SaaS company.
IT Operations, Systems Administration, Software Support or Software Development experience.
Experience collaborating directly with Product Managers and Engineers n an agile environment.
Experience using principles of visual design and information architecture to create intuitive user interfaces.
Experience using tools like Figma for design and prototyping.
Experience in creating, contributing to, and maintaining design systems.
Experience working alongside product management and engineering teams in delivering features to market.
A portfolio demonstrating both strong UX process and polished visual execution.
Comfortable working in a fully remote team with strong async communication habits.
We are a collaborative, kind, and curious community.
We honor your flexibility needs with full-time work that is hybrid remote.
We have you covered with our comprehensive benefits package, which includes medical, dental, and vision insurance.
We help you prepare for your financial future with our 401(k) plan.
We prioritize your work-life balance with our unlimited PTO.
We reward your work with opportunity for growth and advancement.
This position is NOT eligible for Visa sponsorship.
Due to operational policies, NinjaOne is unable to hire for this role within the city limits of Chicago. We will consider all qualified candidates who reside outside of the city proper or are willing to self-relocate.
Starting pay for the successful applicant depends on a variety of job-related factors, including but not limited to location, market demands, experience, job-related knowledge, and skills. The benefits available for this position include medical, dental, vision, 401(k) plan, life insurance coverage and PTO.