Join to apply for the Product Design Engineer role at Precision Castparts
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
See who Precision Castparts has hired for this role
Join to apply for the Product Design Engineer role at Precision Castparts
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features.
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
This position is responsible for the design, development, and continuous improvement of forged products and processes, the disposition and salvage of deviated product, and cost reduction efforts. In a “hands-on” roll, the Product Design Engineer is required to provide technical support to the manufacturing groups and to address quality issues. The candidate must be capable of interacting with all levels of the organization. The candidate must have a high mechanical aptitude and be comfortable and efficient with the use of computers and analytical software. The candidate must be able to understand shop dynamics and logistics and interface with shop personnel. The applicant needs to be self-motivated, detail oriented, and possess a high degree of ownership over his or her work. A good candidate will be capable of handling a high pace of work and be proficient at prioritizing between multiple projects.
The key responsibilities for this position include the following:
The Safety of product designs and personal conduct in the shop.
The Quality, Cost, Delivery, and Responsiveness of proposals, forge designs, forge tooling, heat treat fixtures, technical documentation, and the associated manufacturing process.
Production Support for assigned products and related product lines.
Innovation and execution of projects related to New Product Introduction (NPI), Cost Reduction, and Continuous Improvement.
Compliance with documented business and engineering policies, standard operating procedures, and work instructions.
Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering or related field.
Proficiency with Microsoft Excel, Power Point, and Word.
US Citizenship or Permanent Residency required due to military contracts.
2 or more years of experience in aerospace forging or other manufacturing field.
At the end of the first 6 months of employment an engineer is expected to:
Be functionally proficient at Deform and Siemens NX.
Be familiar with manufacturing areas: forge, heat treat, and tool and die.
Know all engineering personnel and key people in metallurgy, forge, tool and die, machining, and sales.
Be familiar with all major engineering product specification documents.
Wyman Gordon is a division of Precision Castparts Corp. (PCC). PCC was acquired by Berkshire Hathaway in 2016. PCC is a leading worldwide, diversified manufacturer of complex metal components and products. It serves the aerospace, power, and general industrial markets. PCC is the market leader in manufacturing large, complex structural investment castings, airfoil castings, and forged components used in jet aircraft engines and industrial gas turbines. The Company is also a leading producer of highly engineered, critical fasteners for aerospace and other general industrial markets, manufactures extruded seamless pipe, fittings, forgings, and clad products for power generation and oil & gas applications, and supplies metal alloys and other materials to the casting and forging industries. PCC is a high quality business with dominant positions in most segments of the markets in which it serves. The company has a history of superior earnings growth