The problems we solve demand creativity, rigor, and collaboration. The work is challenging, but deeply meaningful—because every improvement we make has the potential to change a life.
If you’re ready to contribute to something bigger than yourself and help transform the future of healthcare , you’ll find your purpose here.
Job Description
The Intuitive Design System Team is building a design system library based on the latest version of React.js and TypeScript. This library will be used by multiple product teams within Intuitive. The component library will define the design principles to be followed while building various controls in web and mobile applications that are specific to core Intuitive business functions.
We are seeking a UX Engineer to join our team to build and deliver a next-generation web experience. This involves building products and applications that support mission-critical business areas. We are looking for someone who is passionate about crafting innovative experiences and wishes to work independently to build an extraordinary design component for the product teams within Intuitive.
This position has responsibility and authority for:
Understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements.
Develop new user-facing features using latest version of React.js, Typescript and Redux.
Work closely with UI and UX team to transform visual designs from concept to implementation.
Build reusable components and front-end libraries like react MUI library.
Using Visual Designs to develop responsive components that can be independently integrated into any applications.
Design and build reusable React front-end components to build pixel-perfect web and mobile applications.
Build in flexibility and customization from the start.
Strong experience in building documentation portal explaining in detail about the React component api and features.
Excellent mastery of web standards, cross-browser compatibility and accessibility.
Keen eye for visual web design and a passion for using CSS and modern techniques to create visually rich and interactive experiences.
Build new demo pages and sample code snippets for all the individual components developed.
Participate in process creation, process adjustment, and technical documentation
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Qualifications
Skill/Job Requirements:
2+ years of experience in building web applications, components using React
Strong skills in JavaScript (ES6+), TypeScript, JSX, HTML, Sass/SCSS, styled components.
Excellent skills in HTML, CSS, SaaS, CSS-in-JS (styled components/ emotion css) and JavaScript
Must have strong familiarity with modern web development tools and patterns, e.g. Redux, bootstrap, Node.js, npm, webpack, HTML5, JavaScript, babel, gulp, react-intl etc; loading optimization, cloud deployment strategies.
Strong CSS skills w/ experience building responsive applications across a variety of browsers and devices using modern CSS3 techniques
Experience writing tests in Jest/Enzyme, React Testing Library.
Thorough understanding of React.js and its core principles
Experience working with Source Code Control systems – GitHub, GitLab.
Hands on experience in creating CI/ CD build pipeline in GitHub, GitLab.
Working knowledge in storybook, TSDX is a plus.
Proficiency in developing mobile web applications with a focus on performance optimization for low bandwidth and resource-constrained environments.
Familiarity with mobile-specific functionalities
Understanding of mobile web UI/UX design principles and best practices to deliver a seamless mobile user experience.
Educational Qualifications
Bachelor's degree from an accredited institution in one of the following:
Experience working with styled-components, TSDX and storybook.
Familiarity with UI testing frameworks such as Cypress, Puppeteer, Playwright, or similar.
Familiarity with Agile/Scrum development practices.
We are an AA/EEO/Veterans/Disabled employer. We will consider for employ