By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
User Interface / User Experience Specialist - ITECH-FM
Location: National Capital Region / Type Work: On-site; telework is not anticipated
Position Summary
GC2IT is seeking a UI/UX Specialist to support the design, development, documentation, prototyping, testing, and presentation of enterprise IT solutions supporting DIA Counterintelligence and HUMINT functional-management missions. The UI/UX Specialist shall be Senior, have more than 10 years of experience, and possess an MA/MS degree.
The UI/UX Specialist will work closely with Government users, project managers, developers, engineers, and mission stakeholders to ensure dashboards, analytical tools, catalog systems, documentation, and coordination platforms are understandable, professional, usable, and mission focused. This position is contingent upon contract award.
Develop professional-quality user and technical documentation.
Support development of CI and HUMINT Functional Requirement Documents.
Develop training guides and user documentation.
Produce graphic designs and briefing materials.
Create slides, slick sheets, wireframes, system diagrams, mockups, prototypes, images, logos, and video clips.
Develop templates and standardized visual products.
Plan, prepare, and facilitate working groups.
Gather user feedback and translate findings into design and capability improvements.
Support intuitive dashboards, analytical tools, enterprise catalogs, and coordination systems.
Required Qualifications
Professional experience in the IT UI/UX field.
Demonstrated ability to develop wireframes, mockups, prototypes, diagrams, and user-facing technical products.
Experience facilitating working groups and user acceptance testing.
Ability to work effectively with both technical and operational stakeholders.
Strong written, graphic design, presentation, and communication skills.
PHYSICAL DEMANDS: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodation may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job the employee is regularly required to climb, bend, stretch, walk, sit use hands to handle or feel; frequently use fingers to type; talk and hear; occasionally stand, kneel, stoop, crouch, bend, twist or reach out; may require lifting or moving 10 lbs.; frequently required to reach with hands and arms. Vision requirements for this position include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus.
WORK ENVIRONMENT: Work environment will have moderate noise when working in an office environment.
Equal Opportunity Employer - The Company does not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
All applicants must be able to perform the essential functions of the position, including corresponding core job requirements, with or without reasonable accommodation. Reasonable accommodation may be made to enable individuals with disabilities (and others in accordance with applicable law) to perform the essential functions of the job, consistent with applicable laws and Company policy.
This position is contingent upon contract award.
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at GLOBAL C2 INTEGRATION TECHNOLOGIES by 2x
Get notified about new User Experience Specialist jobs in Washington, DC .
UI/UX and Design Analyst [U.S. Citizenship Required]
UI/UX and Design Analyst [U.S. Citizenship Required]
-
UI/UX and Design Analyst [U.S. Citizenship Required]
UI/UX and Design A