We’re growing fast and backed by top funds and DoD/national security veterans.
We believe that public sector mission sets matter above anything else. If you feel the same way, we’d love for you to join us.
The Role
We’re looking for a Founding Product Designer to be the foundation of our design efforts and own the end-to-end user experience across our products. As our first design hire, you’ll define our user experience strategy, lead design thinking, and execute all design and product initiatives as we bring cutting-edge technology to the defense sector. Working closely with product, engineering, and leadership, you’ll have the opportunity to shape both our user interface and our core identity in a fast-paced, mission-driven startup environment.
You’ll set the vision, move quickly, and iterate rapidly—ensuring our products are not only functional, but intuitive, engaging, and beautifully crafted. Depending on experience and performance, there is significant opportunity for you to grow into a leadership role with broader influence.
Define and lead the UX and UI strategy for our organization from the ground up, setting design vision and best practices.
Own end-to-end product design: from discovery and user research, to rapid prototyping, wireframes, visual design, and developer hand-off.
Collaborate closely with engineering, product, and business stakeholders to translate user needs and business goals into seamless, intuitive experiences.
Move quickly—generate and iterate on multiple design concepts to solve complex problems and inform product direction.
Create high-fidelity, production-ready UI and design assets for web-based and/or mobile applications.
Establish and contribute to a scalable design system and patterns library, ensuring consistency across our products.
Develop user journeys, interaction models, info architecture, and usability testing processes—which you’ll own and execute.
Champion a user-centered, data-informed design philosophy, leveraging user research and feedback to continually improve the product experience.
Set an example of design leadership and proactively identify areas for innovation in usability and aesthetics.
Stay current with the latest design trends, tools, and best practices, pushing boundaries to create delightful, meaningful user experiences.
Communicate your design decisions effectively, and inspire confidence and excitement about design at all levels of the organization.
Qualifications:
5+ years’ experience in UI/UX design, interaction design, or product design roles (startup or high-growth environment highly preferred).
Strong, diverse design portfolio demonstrating your process and impact across shipped digital products.
Proven experience taking products from 0→1, including concepting, prototyping, designing, and iterating in fast-paced environments.
Expertise with modern design and prototyping tools (e.g., Figma, Adobe products).
Demonstrated ability to generate and communicate multiple compelling design solutions to complex problems.
Excellent visual and written communication skills—you can clearly articulate and present your work to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Comfortable working autonomously, managing your own priorities, and proactively identifying areas where design can make the biggest impact.
Experience designing for enterprise, B2B SaaS, or defense/government markets a strong plus.
Familiarity with accessibility standards, responsive design, and usability best practices.
Passion for our mission: building better technology for defense, and willingness to immerse yourself in our users’ needs and challenges.
Ability to obtain and maintain a TS/SCI security clearance
We live these every day. If they don't sound like you, this won't be a fit and we'd both rather know now.
Impact. Our work matters. We take a lot of pride in building to advance mission outcomes.
Overdeliver. We go above and beyond in everything we do - creating products and serving our users
Hustle. We