We're looking for a curious and thoughtful UX Researcher to join our growing team in Austin, Texas. You'll work closely with product, design, and engineering to understand our users, uncover opportunities, and help build an AI-powered product that is transforming how clinical trials are run.
You'll be embedded within our product squads, giving you the opportunity to have a direct impact on what we build and why. You'll help plan and conduct research, turn qualitative and quantitative insights into clear product recommendations, and ensure our users are at the center of the product development process.
This is an exciting opportunity to join a fast-paced biotech AI startup at an early stage of its growth, as we continue expanding our US presence.
Partner with product, design, and engineering teams to identify research questions and opportunities
Learn, plan and conduct qualitative user research, including user interviews, usability testing, and concept testing alongside an experience team of researchers and UX thinkers
Recruit and engage with expert users as well as internal experts to develop a deep understanding of their needs, workflows, and challenges
Help teams validate product ideas and identify opportunities before and during development
Analyze research findings and turn them into clear, actionable insights and recommendations
Communicate research findings to product squads and wider leadership
Work closely with Product Designers to incorporate research insights into product experiences
Contribute to a continuous understanding of users, workflows, and the clinical trial ecosystem
Advocate for user needs and evidence-based decision making
2-4 years of experience in UX research, product research, product design, or a related field
Prior hands-on experience conducting either user research, interviews, usability testing, or similar research activities
Strong qualitative research and synthesis skills
Ability to turn ambiguous questions into clear research plans and actionable insights
Strong communication skills, ability to present findings and influence product decisions
Experience working closely with product and design teams
Strong curiosity and empathy for users, with an ability to understand complex workflows
Comfortable working independently and taking ownership in a fast-paced environment
Genuine interest in AI and its potential to transform complex workflows
Experience researching and creating artefacts using AI/LLM-powered products
Experience working in healthcare, biotech, life sciences, or other complex domains
Background in product design or hands-on experience designing digital products
Experience with quantitative research, analytics, or mixed-methods research
Experience working in an early-stage startup or fast-growing product team
Someone who can move comfortably between talking to users, analyzing insights, and influencing product decisions
A self-starter who takes ownership and can operate independently with guidance
A collaborative partner who enjoys co-creating with product, design & engineering
Someone who moves quickly, and adapts their approach as they learn
A dynamic work environment with an international team, where collaboration and diversity thrive.
Work alongside top talent, united by a shared purpose and committed to making a real impact.
Hybrid work model offering flexibility to balance your professional and personal life.
Comprehensive private health coverage to ensure your physical and mental well-being.
Company-sponsored gym membership to support your fitness goals.
Pet-friendly office in Barcelona with stunning beach views.
Coffee, tea, beverages, and snacks to keep you fueled throughout the day.
Company events to celebrate achievements and enjoy time together.
Get equipped with a MacBook to enhance your productivity and work experience.
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at UXR Hunt by 2x
Get notified about new Junior/Mid-Level UX ResearcherOffice:Austin jobs in Austin, TX .
So