SAIC is seeking a highly skilled and creative UI/UX Designer with strong front-end development abilities. In this role, you will design intuitive, user-centered interfaces and implement seamless user experiences for our customer on-site in Arlington, VA.
Design and develop intuitive user interfaces for web applications.
Collaborate with product managers, developers, and other stakeholders to understand project requirements and translate them into user-centered design solutions.
Create wireframes, high-fidelity mockups, and interactive prototypes to effectively communicate design concepts, user flows, and interactions.
Develop responsive front-end code using HTML, CSS, SCSS, and JavaScript libraries, ensuring cross-browser compatibility and optimized performance.
Implement and maintain design systems, style guides, UI component libraries, and design tokens to ensure consistent, scalable, and cohesive user experiences across products.
Collaborate closely with back-end developers to integrate front-end code with server-side logic and databases.
Participate in design reviews, provide constructive feedback, and contribute to a positive team environment.
Conduct and support discovery, user research and usability testing efforts, incorporating insights and feedback into iterative design improvements.
Actively participate in Agile/Scrum ceremonies (e.g., sprint planning, stand-ups, retrospectives) and collaborate in a fast-paced, iterative development environment.
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree and 5 years of experience, master's and 3 years of experience, or PhD and 0 years of experience
4 years of experience may replace a completed degree.
U.S. Citizen and an active Secret clearance or higher
5+ years of experience as a UI/UX Designer in software design
Proficiency in prototyping tools such as Adobe XD, Figma, or similar software, as well as visual design tools including Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator
Strong proficiency in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, with the ability to independently hand-code and troubleshoot modern front-end technologies
Experience with front-end frameworks like Angular, React, or Vue.js, and design libraries such as Bootstrap and Material UI
Familiarity with version control systems (e.g., Git)
Understanding of user-centered design principles, information architecture, interaction design, and scalable component-based design systems
Comfortable working in a lean team environment where designers contribute directly to implementation and collaborate closely with engineering
Experience working in an Agile environment and the ability to adapt to evolving requirements
Target salary range $120,001 - $160,000. The estimate displayed represents the typical salary range for this position based on experience and other factors.
Design, Art/Creative, and Information Technology
Computer Hardware Manufacturing, Defense and Space Manufacturing, and IT Services and IT Consulting
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at SAIC by 2x
Sign in to set job alerts for “User Experience Designer” roles.
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
UI/UX Designer (Systems Application Analyst 2) 29548
UI/UX Designer (Systems Application Analyst 2) 29548
-
-
-
UX Designer, D3 (Design, Development & Delivery) Team
UX Designer, D3 (Design, Development & Delivery) Team
-
Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .