By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
Worker Designation – This role is a remote role. This means you will be expected to work from your home, within the continental US. If the role is remote, there may be occasions that you are requested to come to the office based on business need. Any requests to come to the office would be communicated with you in advance.
What does it take to be successful in this role?
Familiarity with fundamental design principles, including color theory, typography, and layout
Basic proficiency in design tools like Sketch, Figma, Adobe XD, or similar
Understanding of basic user research methods, such as surveys, interviews, and usability testing
Ability to create simple user personas and user journey maps
Experience creating low-fidelity wireframes and basic interactive prototypes
Understanding of the role of wireframes and prototypes in the design process
Basic communication skills to articulate design decisions and present work
Bachelor's Degree Design, Marketing, Computer Science or other related field
0 -2+ years of related work experience in UX design
Experience with AI tools such Claude,Co Pilot, and Chatgpt are a plus.
Or an equivalent combination of education and experience
Assists, as part of a team, with designing user interfaces or page elements that align with brand and digital design standards
Delivers sketches, design comps, wireframes, user flows, and prototypes showing how users experience the product, service, or application
Conducts market or competitive analysis and other user research as needed
Uses personas, journey maps and other artifacts to inform design solutions
Assists with experience design activities using appropriate tools, methods, and processes.
Assists in the evaluation of digital designs and applies design, branding and accessibility guidelines
Ideates and tests design concepts and solutions to reduce risks and understand desirability and usability
Supports UX Practice, handles updates to Design System and Content Management system as needed
The salary range for this job is $75,000 - $95,000. This range is specific to the job and salary offers consider a wide range of factors that are considered in making compensation decisions, including, but not limited to: education, experience, licensure, certifications, geographic location, and peer compensation. The range has been created in good faith based on information known to Aflac at the time of the posting.
At Aflac, it is not typical for an individual to be hired at or near the top of the range for the role to allow for future and continued salary growth, and compensation decisions are dependent on the circumstances of each case. This salary range does not include any potential incentive pay or benefits, however, such information will be provided separately when appropriate.
In addition to the base salary, we offer an array of benefits to meet your needs including medical, dental, and vision coverage, prescription drug coverage, health care flexible spending, dependent care flexible spending, Aflac supplemental policies (Accident, Cancer, Critical Illness and Hospital Indemnity offered at no costs to employee), 401(k) plans, annual bonuses, and an opportunity to purchase company stock. On an annual basis, you’ll also be offered 11 paid holidays, up to 20 days PTO to be used for any reason, and, if eligible, state-mandated sick leave (Washington employees accrue 1-hour sick leave for every 40 hours worked) and other leaves of absence, if eligible, when needed to support your physical, financial, and emotional well-being. Aflac complies with all applicable leave laws, including, but not limited to, sick and safe leave, and adoption and parental leave, in all states and localities.
Design, Art/Creative, and Information Technology
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Aflac by 2x
Sign in to set job alerts for “User Experience Design