We believe great work starts with great people. Our team, comprising 75% women, is at the forefront of driving positive change and innovation in our field.
Supplemental JD: Work Location: Seattle, WA - Hybrid (Hybrid work: Tues-Thurs in the office. Monday & Friday remote)
Work Schedule: Normal PST business hours, Monday to Friday
Job Description
As a User Experience Design focused on visual design deliverables, you ll create innovative visual design solutions to user, product, and business problems, explicitly focusing on delivering polished product assets and marketing support materials, maintaining a holistic view of the brand across multiple surfaces and platforms. You ll apply, adapt, and/or define visual design frameworks, including principles, patterns, and systems. You ll leverage design tools to visualize ideas, develop mock-ups, or prototypes to drive the product vision forward. You ll create thoughtful and rigor-driven design proposals considering short-term needs and long-term scale across design systems, considering hierarchy, visual saliency, and accessibility. Ability to generate multiple visual approaches & solutions, and clearly communicate design rationale for a recommended approach is critical. You apply your expertise by serving as a subject-matter expert in visual design principles (including iconography, typography, color, imagery, and layout, or marketing assets), user-centered product development methodologies, and design systems. You ll collaborate with engineers, product managers, and other UX designers to effectively communicate the value of visual design and brand, negotiating and influencing design intention for implementation.
Proficiency in Visual design principles (Typography, Color, Layout, Iconography)
Proficiency in Brand application and design systems
Proficiency in Presentations and Storytelling
A degree in relevant field (UX Design, Visual Design, Visual Communications)
A strong portfolio showcasing your visual design expertise, and a deep understanding of visual and interaction design principles and best practices
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
7+ yrs experience Generic Description: As a User Experience (UX) Designer, you own outcomes for one mature project, complex program, or emerging area. You accomplish this by navigating and defining a scalable and sustainable approach to solve difficult problems with limited precedent and/or by developing and evangelizing long-term user experience & product strategy for your team. You influence by guiding the momentum of multiple adjacent design efforts and/or by providing alternative perspectives for your team that challenge prevailing thinking against common objectives and/or by provoking greater divergence of thinking. You apply your expertise by serving as a subject-matter expert in UX design principles, user-centered product development methodologies, design systems, and research tools. You collaborate with others to deliver work such as: analyzing or anticipating user needs, resolving constraints, and mitigating potential risks, leading the implementation of a holistic design process, design system, or design language across teams or products, defining user experience / product strategy for your team, and exploring innovative solutions to new or existing problems that explicitly consider and mitigate unintentional harm. You have a proven ability to design products and deliver outputs including the product or platform, and possess the depth of knowledge, experience, and business acumen required to assess and communicate how well-considered the design work is for appropriateness, longevity, collaboration, scaling. Responsibilities include:
Collaborate with engineers to communicate, negotiate, and/or influence design intention. Guide design specifications (e.g., design spec s, mock-ups, or product models) for implementation.
Use and propose new, key data and metrics to evaluate product impact, understand the product ecosystem, u