Ensures compliance with internal design standards and contributes to process improvements
Supports QA and development teams in design handoff and implementation fidelity
Will perform additional responsibilities when required.
Requirements
Bachelor’s degree in UX/UI Design, Human-Computer Interaction (HCI), or related.
Three (3) years in any occupation with experience in UX/UI design, designing for mobile applications and hardware/software interfaces (HMI).
Experience with portfolio of shipped products, including mobile applications and/or HMI-based interfaces;
Experience with Figma and design documentation tools; Adobe Creative Suite
Experience conducting user research and usability testing; convert findings into actionable design decisions
Experience with HMI design considerations including tactile feedback, screen states, embedded display limitations, and interaction with physical controls
Experience with Mobile design guidelines (Apple HIG, Material Design)
Experience creating high-fidelity wireframes, interactive prototypes, and production-ready design assets
Experience explaining design decisions to technical and non-technical audiences
Experience working in agile or cross-disciplinary product development teams
Manage multiple projects with competing deadlines.
ALTERNATE EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS: Employer will accept a Master’s degree in UX/UI Design, Human-Computer Interaction (HCI), or related and one (1) year in any occupation with experience in UX/UI design, designing for mobile applications and hardware/software interfaces (HMI). Must have skills listed above.
HYBRID EMPLOYEE: Reports to company headquarters in Auburn Hills, MI. Can work remotely up to 20%.
Design, Art/Creative, and Information Technology
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Whisker by 2x
Get notified about new User Experience Designer jobs in Auburn Hills, MI .
-
Life Sciences Experience Design Strategy Manager
Life Sciences Experience Design Strategy Manager
Senior Designer – Human Interface Design, Enterprise for GM Fleet
Senior Designer – Human Interface Design, Enterprise for GM Fleet
Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.
Sign in to see who you already know at Whisker
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .