Communicate findings effectively, tailoring messages for senior and executive-level stakeholders.
Foster diversity of perspective and effective collaboration with cross-functional teams to achieve shared goals.
Qualifications: 5+ years of UX Research experience in a corporate agile setting, or 3+ years with a Master’s degree in Human Factors, Human-Computer Interaction, or Information Design (Master’s preferred).
Expertise in qualitative research methods, including usability studies, interviews, focus groups, surveys, card sorts, and heuristic reviews.
Exceptional communication skills, with the ability to translate data into actionable insights both verbally and in writing.
Proficiency in data-driven storytelling, transforming raw data into compelling narratives and visualizations.
Familiarity with research tools like Qualtrics and UserZoom, and methodologies such as Design Thinking and Lean UX.
Strong organizational, analytical, critical thinking, and team-building abilities.
Proven track record of effective collaboration with cross-functional teams.
Proficient in Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint).
What Sets You Apart: Experience in the insurance, financial services, or other highly regulated industries.
Extensive experience with agile planning and development processes.
A track record of independent decision-making with strong business judgment.
Flexibility to adapt and excel in a dynamic environment.
Experience with quantitative research methods.
A commitment to diversity and inclusion, actively embracing and promoting different perspectives.
About PTR Global: PTR Global is a leading provider of information technology and workforce solutions. PTR Global has become one of the largest providers in its industry, with over 5000 professionals providing services across the U.S. and Canada. For more information visit www.ptrglobal.com
At PTR Global, we understand the importance of your privacy and security. We NEVER ASK job applicants to:
Pay any fee to be considered for, submitted to, or selected for any opportunity.
Purchase any product, service, or gift cards from us or for us as part of an application, interview, or selection process.
Provide sensitive financial information such as credit card numbers or banking information. Successfully placed or hired candidates would only be asked for banking details after accepting an offer from us during our official onboarding processes as part of payroll setup.
The specific compensation for this position will be determined by several factors, including the scope, complexity, and location of the role, as well as the cost of labor in the market; the skills, education, training, credentials, and experience of the candidate; and other conditions of employment. Our full-time consultants have access to benefits, including medical, dental, vision, and 401K contributions, as well as PTO, sick leave, and other benefits mandated by applicable state or localities where you reside or work.
If you receive a suspicious message, email, or phone call claiming to be from PTR Global do not respond or click on any links. Instead, contact us directly at +1 214-740-2424. To report any concerns, please email us at legal@pinnacle1.com
During the hiring process, we may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to assist in evaluating information related to your application. These tools may help analyze job-related qualifications or assist recruiters in reviewing applications and interview responses. AI-generated information is one factor considered in our hiring process. Final employment decisions are made by qualified hiring personnel and are not based solely on AI-generated recommendations.
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at PTR Global by 2x
Sign in to set job alerts for “User Researcher” roles.
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
Principal Journey Manager and Experience Researcher ( US / Can