Lab37 Robotics , is a technology company focused on the development and deployment of robots designed specifically for direct-to-customer food production. Our mission is to revolutionize the food industry by creating innovative robotic solutions that enhance efficiency, quality, and customer satisfaction. We are passionate about pushing the boundaries of technology to deliver cutting-edge products that meet the evolving needs of our clients.
About The Role
Own the user experience (UX) vision and strategy across one or more robotic systems and internal tools. Translate complex user needs, business goals, and technical constraints into intuitive, high-quality, and scalable design solutions. Drive the design process from concept through launch, ensuring an optimal balance between user satisfaction, product performance, and engineering feasibility.
What You’ll Do
Create new robotic product concepts: Design and refine robotic systems that prep, cook, and serve delicious food. Maintain a common design language across products and ensure that human ergonomics, cleaning, and other user experience touchpoints are well thought out and executed.
Build UI/UX for robotic systems: Contribute to and iterate interfaces for operator-facing robot displays, and internal operational tools, ensuring a cohesive and intuitive experience. Design and build mockups to convey user stories and functionality.
Design and Prototype Tools: Design and prototype tools to help with robot operations.
Conduct User Research: Plan and conduct qualitative and quantitative user research (e.g., interviews, usability testing) to gather deep user insights, validate design concepts, and ground the product roadmap in real-world user needs.
Create Design Artifacts: Produce high-fidelity physical mockups, including working mockups rapidly created with generative AI tools, prototypes, detailed user flows, and clear specifications that clearly communicate design rationale and direction to engineering teams.
Facilitate Cross-functional Execution and Collaboration: Partner closely with product managers, engineers, and users throughout the design lifecycle; proactively communicate trade-offs and drive consensus on design decisions.
Required Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineer, Design, HCI, product design, or related;
4+ years focused on product design for complex hardware/software systems, enterprise tools, or similar domain.
Expert proficiency with design and prototyping tools, including Solidworks, and generative AI design tools.
Proven track record of shipping and iterating on end-to-end user experiences with measurable results.
Strong portfolio showcasing experience across the full design process: research, ideation, prototyping, and final design.
Strong systems-thinking ability across mechanics, electronics, firmware, cloud services, and UX.
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills; able to influence without authority in a fast-paced environment
Experience designing embedded systems, or robot user interfaces.
Familiarity with food-service equipment, NSF/UL compliance, or other safety-critical electromechanical systems.
Demand for online food delivery is growing really fast! In the last 5 years, just in the US, the overall market has expanded 10X from $10B to $100B, and could expand to $500bn- $1T by 2030.
Changing the restaurant industry: You’ll be part of a team that helps restaurants succeed in online food delivery.
Collaborative environment: You will receive support and guidance from experienced colleagues and managers, helping you to learn, grow and achieve your goals, and you’ll work closely with other teams to ensure our customer’s success.
This role is based in our Pittsburgh office. As a company driven by invention and continuous change - we are constantly reimagining our industries, building new products, and refining how we operate. We do our best work together. That’s why all of our office-based teams work onsite, five days a week.
The base salary