Watershed is the enterprise sustainability platform. Companies like Airbnb, Carlyle Group, FedEx, Visa, and Dr. Martens use Watershed to manage climate and ESG data, produce audit-ready metrics for voluntary and regulatory reporting including CSRD, and drive real decarbonization. We are looking for team members who love product-building, want to work hard at a mission-oriented startup, and will collaborate with us in shaping the culture of a growing team.
We have offices in San Francisco, New York, Denver, London, Paris, Berlin, Sydney, Mexico City, and remote team members across the US and Europe. We hope that you'll be interested in joining us!
The role
To run a sustainable business, our customers need climate insights at their fingertips. That’s where great design comes in — we are building powerful software that enables the biggest companies in the world to measure their carbon footprint with ease, and drive change across their organization.
We are hiring a Product designer to join our Sustainability Platform group.
Product designers at Watershed partner closely with product and engineering from vision through execution, painting the big picture and sweating the details. We’re experts in our customers goals and pain points, and drive constant iteration to get the right solution in hand to meet their needs. As designers we push each other to perfect our craft and uplevel the outcome, treasuring our weekly jams and crits. And working in sustainability, you’ll build domain expertise in one of the most critical and motivating problem spaces.
Own design end-to-end on one of our Sustainability Platform teams, which help our customers measure their impact in order to drive ESG insights, report, and decarbonize their businesses and their supply chains.
Drive deep discovery to uncover new product opportunities. Use customer feedback and product analytics to iterate quickly and move meaningful product and business metrics
Build the vision and product strategy to bring the next chapter of product to life
Partner closely with engineering, product, and design teams to execute, and go-to-market teams to understand and build for customers.
Leverage AI throughout your design process, as well as in the product itself, to deliver great outcomes
Have 5+ years experience designing software, preferably at enterprise software companies or in technical/complex problem spaces. Bonus if you have experience working in the sustainability or supply chain domains.
Have a knack for in-the-weeds systems thinking and a love for rapid, 0-1 product building
Have a track record shipping powerful and intuitive product experiences that customers love
Are proficient in design craft fundamentals — consistently demonstrating solid design process, strong interaction craft, and an eye for polish
Are proficient using AI tools to aid discovery, synthesis, and design execution
Are customer obsessed and excited to spend time with users and prospects
Are enthusiastic about product and business ownership — you are excited to go deep on climate and become an expert on the market’s paths forward
Want to join a startup, take responsibility for the fate of the company, and move fast
Prior experience in the climate space is not necessary
Must be willing to work from an office 4 days per week (except for remote roles)
Watershed has hub offices in San Francisco, New York, London, and Mexico City and satellite offices in Denver, Sydney, Paris, and Berlin. Where we have offices, employees are expected to be in office for 4 days per week. Certain jobs are open to being remote and will be specifically noted on the jobs page and in the job description if so.
It starts the same for every candidate: getting to know the team members through 1 to 2 conversations about Watershed, your experience, and your interests. Next steps can vary by role, but usual next steps are a skill or experience interview (e.g. a coding interview for an engineer, a portfolio review for a designer, deeper exp