Job Description
Location: Chicago IL, Culver City CA, or San Francisco CA
Ipsos is one of the world’s largest research companies and currently the only one primarily managed by researchers, ranking as a #1 full-service research organization for four consecutive years. With over 75 different data-driven solutions, and presence in 90 markets, Ipsos brings together research, implementation, methodological, and subject-matter experts from around the world, combining thematic and technical experts to deliver top-quality research and insights. Simply speaking, we help the biggest companies solve some of their biggest problems, serving more than 5000 clients across the globe by providing research, data, and insights on their target markets. And, we’re proud to share we’ve received our Great Place to Work Certification for 2022!
UX, a subdivision of our Customer Experience team, covers all aspects of the end-user's interaction with a company, and its products. UX research is at the heart of user-centered design, which is based on the notion that design should be informed by research about users, their expectations, their activities, and their interactions with products. Ipsos believes that as part of a user-centered design process, every design decision should be informed in part by UX research. Moreover, Ipsos believes that simply conducting evaluative UX research on completed designs is not as effective as conducting UX research throughout the process.
The UX Researcher executes core project activities with autonomy and accuracy. UX Researchers are proficient in all aspects of project work and are increasingly able to lead interactions with clients in the context of project work. This role is responsible for performing activities that directly support senior UX team members in preparation, execution, and reporting for studies and/or support design teams with engagements—their work is consistently high quality and thoughtful.
The Researcher skillfully executes core activities to support projects, such as preparation, data collection and analysis, and reporting for research, as well as wireframing, and supporting research-based recommendations for design.
The Researcher plays an active role in training and mentoring their Researcher colleagues on project work and through other team engagements. They demonstrate efficiency in a variety of UX activities and use non-project related time to support their senior colleagues in thought leadership and other internal initiatives.
They are active contributors that find ways to add value to the team outside of assigned project work.
Lead projects with the senior oversight of a Senior Lead Specialist or project leader.
Conduct preparation activities, including logistical planning, screener development, recruiting and facility vendor management, discussion guide development, and data collection piloting activities with autonomy.
Manage financials of the projects they lead, including time management of their project team members and budget accountability with their project manager or senior oversight.
Execute data collection and analysis activities, including moderating sessions and interview activities.
Write reports with guidance and direction from a senior leader. Support and provide insightful recommendations in reporting and producing/presenting final deliverables.
Provide support to the team in various phases of a project as defined by project lead and project team members.
Support client new business initiatives such as drafting proposals or assisting in bidding work with oversight from a Director or senior leader.
Demonstrated ability to mentor and coach team members. Experience in team leadership, including training
Basic to proficient skills in discussion guide development
Demonstrated ability to moderate a variety of session types and techniques
Support logistics and planning throughout the project lifecycle
Note taking ability to record data fitting research objectives
Strong communicat