We’re scrappy yet detailed-oriented, knowing when to build quickly versus diving into the details to produce higher fidelity prototypes. We bring our own design vision and support our design and engineering partners to help them ship faster. We also partner closely with UX researchers to create new experiences that our customers get to test and provide feedback on. Our prototypes are demoed to senior leadership to showcase what the future of Prime Video will look and feel like for our customers.
Basic Qualifications
2+ years of front-end technologist, engineer, or UX prototyper experience
Have coding samples in front end programming languages
Experience with web, mobile web, or mobile app front-end development
Experience with UI design for complex workflows and for end users
Preferred Qualifications
Knowledge of technologies such as JavaScript/NodeJS, HTML/CSS, Responsive/Adaptive Design
Knowledge of Python, Javascript, and source control (Git)
Experience with AWS Services including EC2, Lambda, S3, DynamoDB, SQS
Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of protected veteran status, disability, or other legally protected status.
Los Angeles County applicants: Job duties for this position include: work safely and cooperatively with other employees, supervisors, and staff; adhere to standards of excellence despite stressful conditions; communicate effectively and respectfully with employees, supervisors, and staff to ensure exceptional customer service; and follow all federal, state, and local laws and Company policies. Criminal history may have a direct, adverse, and negative relationship with some of the material job duties of this position. These include the duties and responsibilities listed above, as well as the abilities to adhere to company policies, exercise sound judgment, effectively manage stress and work safely and respectfully with others, exhibit trustworthiness and professionalism, and safeguard business operations and the Company’s reputation. Pursuant to the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.
The base salary range for this position is listed below. Your Amazon package will include sign-on payments and restricted stock units (RSUs). Final compensation will be determined based on factors including experience, qualifications, and location. Amazon also offers comprehensive benefits including health insurance (medical, dental, vision, prescription, Basic Life & AD&D insurance and option for Supplemental life plans, EAP, Mental Health Support, Medical Advice Line, Flexible Spending Accounts, Adoption and Surrogacy Reimbursement coverage), 401(k) matching, paid time off, and parental leave. Learn more about our benefits at https://amazon.jobs/en/benefits.
USA, CA, Culver City - 131,800.00 - 178,300.00 USD annually
USA, CA, San Francisco - 151,600.00 - 205,000.00 USD annually
USA, WA, SEATTLE - 131,800.00 - 178,300.00 USD annually
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Prime Video & Amazon MGM Studios by 2x
Get notified about new Design Technologist jobs in San Francisco, CA .
-
Industrial Design CAD Sculptor, Devices and Services
Industrial Design CAD Sculptor, Devices and Services
-
Physical Security Design Lead and Contract Document Specialist
Physical Security Design Lead and Contract Docum