Hach is proud to be a Veralto Water Quality company. Imagine a world where everyone has access to clean water, safe food and medicine, and trusted essential goods. That is the tomorrow Veralto is creating today. Veralto is a global leader in essential technology solutions with annual revenue of nearly $5 billion and a proven track record of solving some of the most complex challenges we face as a society.
Position Summary:
Hach® is seeking a Digital UI/UX Designer to join our Creative Operations team. This person will serve as a critical role in designing a strong user interface and experience across global website development projects. This role reports to the Manager of Digital Experience and Engineering and works collaboratively across global and regional marketing departments.
This individual has strong capabilities in web design and development, eCommerce, SaaS technologies, CMS design. This role will require strong experience in web design and planning including information architecture, site mapping, user experience, and wireframing.
This individual will have knowledge of web design principles (including an understanding of front-end and back-end development), design thinking, and trends, providing guidance and support to external agency partners.
Ideal candidates have experience in collaboration with in-house teams and agency project management and executing web design at a global scale.
Manage the design process, from concept to final implementation, ensuring alignment with client goals and brand guidelines.
Works with the website and eComm project team from planning to execution and maintenance adhering to migration project milestones and SLA’s.
Create wireframes, prototypes, and high-fidelity mockups to effectively communicate design ideas and concepts. Ensure all designs are responsive and optimized for desktop and mobile as well as various devices and screen sizes. Ensure all designs comply with web standards and accessibility guidelines.
Ability to apply motion design capabilities to social and web assets as needed.
Collaborate with internal clients, project managers, and vendors to understand project requirements and deliver exceptional UI/UX solutions.
Ensure quality assurance of the functionality of the website, to inform design decisions and improve user experiences.
Project management skills including the management of project timelines and milestones as well as participation in Visual Management/Daily Management for On-Time Delivery metrics. Work with project team processes through visual management, Kaizens, and participation in project workshops.
Contribute to the creative evolution of Hach’s global brand identity including adherence to brand guidelines, design best practices, organization-level communications, thought leadership activities, integrated marketing campaigns, and other brand measures. Stay current with industry trends, best practices, and emerging technologies.
Champion Creative Operations. Collaborate on design thinking best practices in all forming, storming, and norming sessions for optimized idea generation and prototyping.
Other design duties as assigned. Education, Background, and Skill Requirements:
A BA/BS in Graphic Design, Technical Communication, Marketing, or a related field.
2-3 years of experience in design production in a B2C or B2B setting.
Proficient skills in Adobe Creative Suite, Microsoft Office, Figma, Miro, After Effects, project management software, and other cloud-based data management tools.
Excellent communication and collaboration abilities.
Experience with project management software tools, preferably Wrike.
Experience with Digital Asset Management tools such as BrandFolder.
UI/UX experience and certifications, preferred.
Application Requirements:
The Creative Operations team is a hybrid working environment, in the office 3 days per week. Hybrid working environments require a heavy reliance on virtual technology for all day-to-day interactions. Accessibility to re