Take the lead on the design of useful, usable, accessible, and desirable products in a team environment.
Understand customer's needs and mental models through UX research, market analysis, metrics, and feedback.
Assist in defining business requirements to assist in developing use cases and high-level requirements while raising the bar on design and delighting customers.
Design the information architecture, workflows, interface, and interaction flow of the service and customer experiences.
Display a passion for innovating in new solutions that are helpful and delightful for customers.
Assume ownership for the end-to-end product experiences and features across desktop, mobile and more.
Manage the user experience design of multiple products.
Contribute to the vision for the organization and influence product strategic roadmap, as well as to the discovery, strategy and concept design phases of a project.
Champion user-centered design culture. Drive creative process and collaboration with cross-functional partners to propose new ideas and strategies.
The UX Designer will be working with product and engineering stakeholders closely on day-to-day basis. While this designer independently owns multiple products/features at the same time, he/she will also collaborate with other UX designers in the same team on connecting individual features to a holistic experience. UX Researchers and UX Copy Writers will support you in user research and UX content. This designer will share design work regularly with design team peer review, stakeholder review and leadership.
We are a multidisciplinary team creating truly meaningful products and experiences that empower and connect millions of Amazon employees. Our team consist of designers, researchers and writers, and is very diverse in terms of educational background, race, skills, and location.
Basic Qualifications
Preferred Qualifications
Bachelor's degree or above in design, human-computer interaction (HCI)
Experience in delivering design solutions for projects of large scope and complexity
Experience presenting designs and collaborating with all levels of the organization
Experience creating prototypes or highly detailed wire-frames
Experience in managing UX Design and rapid prototyping efforts
Experience working on multi-team, cross-disciplinary projects
Experience reviewing user research and data to build a strategic and user-friendly design
Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of protected veteran status, disability, or other legally protected status.
Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.
The base salary range for this position is listed below. Your Amazon package will include sign-on payments and restricted stock units (RSUs). Final compensation will be determined based on factors including experience, qualifications, and location. Amazon also offers comprehensive benefits including health insurance (medical, dental, vision, prescription, Basic Life & AD&D insurance and option for Supplemental life plans, EAP, Mental Health Support, Medical Advice Line, Flexible Spending Accounts, Adoption and Surrogacy Reimbursement coverage), 401(k) matching, paid time off, and parental leave. Learn more about our benefits at https://amazon.jobs/en/benefits.
USA, WA, Seattle - 117,800.00 - 160,000.00 USD annually
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Amazon by 2x
Sign in to set job alerts for “User Experience Designer” roles.
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
UX