Applicants in San Francisco: Qualified applications with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act.
Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location from the following: New York, NY, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA . Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.
1 year of experience with research design utilizing various methods including usability studies, contextual inquiry, and surveys.
Experience with research methods (e.g., usability studies, contextual inquiries, 1:1 interviews, and unmoderated research studies).
Preferred qualifications:
Master's degree or PhD in Human-Computer Interaction, Cognitive Science, Statistics, Psychology, Anthropology, or related field.
1 year of experience conducting UX research on products and working in a large, matrixed organization.
At Google, we "Focus on the user and all else will follow." As a User Experience Researcher (UXR), you make this possible. You will join our multi-disciplinary UX team, collaborating with Engineering and Product Management, to gather insights and create industry-leading products.
You’ll play a critical role in helping your team understand user needs and will drive impact at all stages of product development, ensuring products are useful, usable, and helpful. You will explore user behaviors and motivations by conducting primary research, including: field studies, interviews, diary studies, ethnography, surveys, usability testing, and logs analysis. You will also grow within a supportive UXR community offering mentorship, regular meetups, and exclusive internal tools.
The Core team builds the technical foundation behind Google’s flagship products. We are owners and advocates for the underlying design elements, developer platforms, product components, and infrastructure at Google. These are the essential building blocks for excellent, safe, and coherent experiences for our users and drive the pace of innovation for every developer. We look across Google’s products to build central solutions, break down technical barriers and strengthen existing systems. As the Core team, we have a mandate and a unique opportunity to impact important technical decisions across the company.Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $109000 - $155000 (USD) + 15% bonus target + equity + benefits
Influence stakeholders across organizations to gain support for research-based, user-centric solutions.
Own project priorities in alignment with larger product goals and oversee allocation of resources within the project.
Drive ideas to improve products and services through research-driven insights and recommendations.
Lead teams to define and evaluate product, service, and ecosystem impact.
Own strategy discussions through research by analyzing, consolidating, or synthesizing what is known about the user, product, service, or business needs.
Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form .
Information Services and Technology, Information and Internet
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Google by 2x
Get notified about new User Experience Researcher jobs in New York, NY .
New York City Office of Technology & Innovation
Safeguards Enforceme