Assist in user research, usability testing, and analyze user feedback to inform design decisions.
Create wireframes, prototypes, and high‑fidelity mockups using tools such as Figma, Miro, Sketch, or Adobe XD.
Collaborate with developers and systems engineers to translate requirements into functional UI solutions.
Build and maintain design systems and component libraries to ensure consistency across products.
Write clean, maintainable HTML, CSS, and JavaScript with attention to accessibility, performance, and cross‑browser compatibility.
Stay current with emerging design trends, tools, and technologies and apply them to program needs.
Minimum Requirements
Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Human‑Computer Interaction, Graphic Design, or other related discipline; however, years of experience may be substituted for a degree.
1-3 years of UI/UX design and front-end development experience, or a strong portfolio demonstrating equivalent capability
Proficiency in modern design tools and front-end technologies.
Understanding of user‑centered design principles, information architecture, and interaction design patterns.
Experience with user research and applying user insights to product improvements.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to present and defend design decisions.
Required Education: Candidates should possess a bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Human‑Computer Interaction, Graphic Design, or other design/technical discipline; however, years of experience may be substituted for a degree.
Eligibility: Candidates must have the ability to obtain and maintain a DoW Secret Clearance. Active Secret Clearance is highly desired.
About OASYS, INC.: Located in Huntsville, Alabama, OASYS, INC. is a technology services and products company dedicated to delivering the right solutions to our government and commercial clients. Our innovative solutions combined with today's technology and our subject matter expertise help to provide full lifecycle support for our client's needs.
Benefits: OASYS, INC. offers a robust benefit plan to include: BC/BS of Alabama Health & Dental, VSP Vision, Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP), 401‑K with Matching, Flexible Spending Account, Tuition Reimbursement, Holidays, Vacation, Short‑term/Long‑term Disability.
www.oasys-incorporated.com EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law: http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at OASYS, INC. by 2x
Sign in to set job alerts for “User Experience Engineer” roles.
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
-
Software Development Engineer II - D&D Beyond
Software Development Engineer II - D&D Beyond
Integrated Solutions for Systems, Inc. (IS4S)
-
-
-
Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.
Sign in to see who you already know at OASYS, INC.
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .