Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.
6 years of experience in product research in an applied research setting, or similar.
Experience in programming languages used for data manipulation and computational statistics (e.g., Python, R, MATLAB, C++, Java, or Go).
Experience applying statistical methods (e.g., significance testing, regression, experimental design) to behavioral data.
Experience with multi-variable experimental methods, including factorial designs, within-subjects/repeated measures, and counterbalancing strategies.
Experience modeling multi-level rating data, specifically crossed random-effects models and pairwise preference modeling.
Preferred qualifications:
Master's degree or PhD in Human-Computer Interaction, Cognitive Science, Statistics, Psychology, or related field.
5 years of experience conducting UX research on products and working with executive leadership (e.g., Director level and above).
3 years of experience managing projects, and working in a large, matrixed organization.
Experience analyzing user behavior in B2B contexts, enterprise software, CRM platforms, or support tooling.
Experience evaluating multi-agent architectures, agentic workflows, orchestrators, or complex subagent routing systems.
At Google, we "Focus on the user and all else will follow." As a Quantitative User Experience Researcher (Quant UXR), you make this possible. You will join a multi-disciplinary team, collaborating closely with Engineering and Product Management to create industry-leading, innovative products.
You will drive impact at all stages of development by investigating user behavior through empirical methods like logs analysis, survey research, and regression. We value diverse educational experiences—from Computer Science to Psychology—and require a blend of behavioral research design, statistical proficiency, and programming skills to uncover actionable insights. Beyond the work, you will grow within a supportive Quant UXR community offering mentorship, regular meetups, and exclusive internal tools to help you thrive.
As a Quantitative UX Researcher in Customer Engagement, you will apply quantitative methods to understand the end-to-end experience of users interacting with our sales and marketing platforms. You will analyze large-scale behavioral data (e.g., product logs, surveys) to identify user pain points, measure user satisfaction and efficiency, evaluate AI outputs and provide data-driven recommendations that shape product strategy and improve the user experience. You will partner with designers, product managers, engineers, and other researchers to deliver actionable insights that make our tools more effective for our users.
Google Ads is helping power the open internet with the best technology that connects and creates value for people, publishers, advertisers, and Google. We’re made up of multiple teams, building Google’s Advertising products including search, display, shopping, travel and video advertising, as well as analytics. Our teams create trusted experiences between people and businesses with useful ads. We help grow businesses of all sizes from small businesses, to large brands, to YouTube creators, with effective advertiser tools that deliver measurable results. We also enable Google to engage with customers at scale. Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $159000 - $230000 (USD) + 15% bonus target + equity + benefits
Define and measure quantitative UX goals and metrics in collaboration with Designers, Qualitative Researchers, Data Scientists, Engineers and Program Managers.
Develop code and statistical models to understand user experience.
Conduct empirical research using methods from computer science, quantitative social science, statistics, econometrics, and other fields to understand user behavior and extract meaningful patterns from large data sets.
Examine existing data and