Lead cross-functional partnerships with product managers, engineers, researchers, and content strategists to oversee the user experience of a product from conception until its launch
Champion design craft and elevate design quality standards on the team — not just through your own work but by influencing how others design
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Design, Human-Computer Interaction, Computer Science, or a related field
4+ years of product design experience, with demonstrated impact on consumer products at scale
A portfolio that shows end-to-end ownership of complex, multi-surface product experiences
Experience leading end-to-end development efforts, driving progress with Cross Functional Network (XFN) teams, developing design roadmaps, and making high-impact decisions balancing user needs with business growth objectives
Expertise in advanced prototyping techniques, such as creating functional prototypes or using emerging technologies
Comfort with data: you use metrics, research, and experimentation to inform and validate your design decisions
Preferred Qualifications:
Demonstrated ability to integrate AI tools to optimize/redesign workflows and drive measurable impact (e.g., efficiency gains, quality improvements)
Experience adhering to and implementing responsible, ethical AI practices (e.g., risk assessment, bias mitigation, quality and accuracy reviews)
Demonstrated ongoing AI skill development (e.g., prompt/context engineering, agent orchestration) and staying current with emerging AI technologies
Proven leadership in non-product dimensions that have made a team stronger and positively impacted the work environment
Demonstrated ongoing AI skill development (e.g., prompt/context engineering, agent orchestration) and staying current with emerging AI technologies
Meta builds technologies that help people connect, find communities, and grow businesses. When Facebook launched in 2004, it changed the way people connect. Apps like Messenger, Instagram and WhatsApp further empowered billions around the world. Now, Meta is moving beyond 2D screens toward immersive experiences like augmented and virtual reality to help build the next evolution in social technology. People who choose to build their careers by building with us at Meta help shape a future that will take us beyond what digital connection makes possible today—beyond the constraints of screens, the limits of distance, and even the rules of physics.
Meta is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Meta participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. Please note that Meta may leverage artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies in connection with applications for employment.
Meta is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@meta.com.
$139,000/year to $199,000/year + bonus + equity + benefits
Individual compensation is determined by skills, qualifications, experience, and location. Compensation details listed in this posting reflect the base hourly rate, monthly rate, or annual salary only, and do not include bonus, equity or sales incentives, if applicable. In addition to base compensation, Meta offers benefits. Learn more about benefits at Meta.
Design, Art/Creative, and Information Technology
Referrals increase