The designer will participate throughout the end-to-end design lifecycle, from user research and initial concept development through prototyping, testing, visual design, and final implementation.
Conduct user research to identify user needs and translate findings into design requirements.
Conduct usability testing and analyze feedback.
Develop user personas and support strategic design analysis.
Map user flows, storyboards, wireframes, and site maps.
Create logical and intuitive navigation structures.
Develop high-fidelity mockups and user interfaces.
Design navigation menus, widgets, layouts, icons, typography, and other UI elements.
Create interactive prototypes and iterate designs based on testing and user feedback.
Use industry-standard design tools including Figma, Sketch, and/or Adobe Creative Suite .
Collaborate closely with engineering teams to ensure technical feasibility and seamless implementation.
Contribute to the development and maintenance of design systems.
Conduct final UI reviews to ensure quality and adherence to specifications.
Collaborate with the Mission Advocacy Team to ensure consistency of design and presentation across PEO-GG products.
Communicate design decisions and adapt designs to technical constraints.
Requirements
Required Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Human-Computer Interaction (HCI), Graphic Design, Psychology, Computer Science, or a related field ; OR five years of relevant experience in lieu of a bachelor's degree .
Demonstrated UI and UX design experience with a deep understanding of the end-to-end design process.
High proficiency with industry-standard design and prototyping tools such as Figma, Sketch, or Adobe Creative Suite (XD, Illustrator, Photoshop) .
Demonstrated experience collaborating with cross-functional teams including product managers, engineers, and stakeholders to deliver high-quality digital products.
Current Top Secret clearance and eligibility for favorable NGA adjudication for SCI access.
Desired Qualifications
Master's degree from an accredited university.
Specialized experience with NGA and/or another IC agency's missions and communications policies.
Knowledge of Artificial Intelligence principles and their implications for UI/UX.
Location: NGA Washington / Fort Belvoir, VA area
Work Arrangement: Primarily onsite; minimally available Government-approved telework.
Travel: Infrequent CONUS/OCONUS travel may be required.
Design, Art/Creative, and Information Technology
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Essnova Solutions, Inc. by 2x
Get notified about new User Experience Designer jobs in Fort Belvoir, VA .
UX Designer (Secret or TS Clearance Required)
UX Designer (Secret or TS Clearance Required)
-
-
UI/UX and Design Analyst [U.S. Citizenship Required]
UI/UX and Design Analyst [U.S. Citizenship Required]
UI/UX and Design Analyst [U.S. Citizenship Required]
UI/UX and Design Analyst [U.S. Citizenship Required]
User Experience (UX) Analyst with Security Clearance
User Experience (UX) Analyst with Security Clearance
UI/UX Designer (Systems Application Analyst 2) 29548
UI/UX Designer (Systems Application Analyst 2) 29548
Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.