Sonalysts, Inc. is looking for a Human Factors Engineer (HFE) and User Experience (UX) Researcher to join our multidisciplinary team of scientists, engineers, and defense subject-matter experts. This role will focus on designing user-centered mission-critical systems for government and Department of Defense (DoD) programs.
About the Role
The candidate will collaborate with multidisciplinary teams of systems engineers, software developers, data scientists, and operations experts to ensure user goals and human capabilities and limitations (physical and cognitive) are considered throughout the system development lifecycle. The HFE will conduct user needs analysis, requirements engineering, function allocation, and user analysis (e.g., task, workload, and performance) to support the design, evaluation, testing, and continuous improvement of military systems. The UX Researcher will conduct user research to identify user, information, decision-support, and workflow needs that inform interaction design, navigation design, and user interface design for mission-critical systems.
Plan and execute observational studies, heuristic evaluations, cognitive walkthroughs, concurrent think aloud protocols, usability assessments and tests, and other qualitative and quantitative study methods in remote, laboratory, and field settings.
Facilitate workshops with diverse participants, including operational end-users, operational subject matter experts, engineering teams, and government stakeholders.
Conduct user needs analysis, functional analysis, function allocation, task analysis, cognitive task analysis, and Modeling and Simulation (M&S) to identify and translate user requirements into system requirements.
Conduct UX research to develop user profiles (archetypes and personas), workflow visualizations (e.g., journey maps and story boards), design products (sketches, wireframes, mockups, and prototypes), and development and management artifacts (e.g., user stories).
Conduct User Centered Design (UCD) to iteratively define, design, evaluate, and refine technical solutions.
Provide comprehensive Human Systems Integration (HSI) planning and management support to acquisition, systems engineering, and system development lifecycle processes.
Advocate for end-users by communicating research findings into actionable recommendations that balance mission, operational, technical, and business needs.
Cutting-Edge Defense Programs Contribute to innovative, mission-critical U.S. military systems and shape the future of defense capabilities.
Expert Collaboration Expand your knowledge by collaborating with leading scientists and engineers, and military experts.
Salary range between $90,000 - $120,000 dependent on experience, qualifications and other relevant business criteria
Participate in research of novel and cutting-edge technology applications and software solutions
Becoming an integral part of an innovative employee-owned company which includes
Flexible Time Program enabling an optimal work-life balance by permitting partners to arrange their work around personal appointments, parent-teacher conferences, children’s activities and the like, so long as the partner gets the job done on-time.
Special Performance and Retention Bonus Program
Professional Development through Tuition Reimbursement Program, Online Training Program and Targeted Skills Program
Required Qualifications
Must be a U.S. citizen, eligible for a U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) TOP SECRET security clearance*
Bachelor’s degree in Human Factors Engineering, Engineering Psychology, or a closely related field with a human factors concentration
5 years or more experience in applied experience in human factors engineering and user experience research
Strongly Desired Experience/Qualifications
Possessing an active DoD SECRET security clearance*
Experience supporting DoD programs through military service, government employment, or defense contracting
Proficiency with modern visual design tools (e.g.