Support product design, problem solving, and sustaining engineering work
Assist assembly, supply chain, and quality teams with technical documentation
Create and maintain part nomenclatures and numbering structures
Develop build and test procedures for assembly
Required Qualifications & Experience:
Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering or MET
Experience with industrial or refinery service applications
Application and design knowledge in valves or similar products
Experience with Microsoft Office and ERP/MRP systems
Ability to work on-site in the Oklahoma City area
Background with rupture or buckling pin devices
Familiarity with ASME, API, and ANSI/ISA standards
Knowledge of NACE MR0175 requirements
Experience with upstream, midstream, or downstream applications
This opportunity includes a comprehensive and competitive benefits package—details will be shared during later stages of the hiring process.
This is a direct hire, on-site role in Oklahoma City
The team values passion, loyalty, pride, integrity, and trust
Our client is unable to provide sponsorship at this time
If you are interested in learning more about the  Product Design Engineer 2  opportunity, please submit your resume for consideration. Our client unable to provide sponsorship at this time.
We are Inceed, a staffing direct placement firm who believes in the possibility of something better. Our mission is simple: We’re here to help every person, whether client, candidate, or employee, find and secure what’s better for them.
Inceed is an equal opportunity employer. Inceed prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type and affords equal employment opportunities to employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or expression, pregnancy, age, national origin, disability status, genetic information, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Inceed by 2x
Sign in to set job alerts for “Product Design Engineer” roles.
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
-
Structural Design Engineer (Associate and Experienced )
Structural Design Engineer (Associate and Experienced )
Flight Test Design Engineer (Associate or Experienced)
Flight Test Design Engineer (Associate or Experienced)
Mechanical Design Engineer (All Experience Levels)
Mechanical Design Engineer (All Experience Levels)
Pressure Vessel Design Engineer / Mechanical Engineer
Pressure Vessel Design Engineer / Mechanical Engineer
IEC - International Environmental Corporation
Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.
Sign in to see who you already know at Inceed
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .