You apply your knowledge of industry landscape and trends to make informed decisions, and to make recommendations on team goals and design strategy. You are able to communicate difficult technical and product decisions to partners. You balance short- and long-term design requirements against engineering teams' requirements. You recognize patterns in UX solutions and make connections to inform and/or influence said patterns in technical solutions.
Deliver solutions for difficult design and technical problems where product strategy is defined
Improve design patterns, standards, methods, and/or processes for the team. Apply expertise in at least one core UX discipline, method, and/or process
Participate and present in design reviews at the cross-team level. Communicate difficult technical and product decisions to partners
Balance short- and long-term design requirements against engineering teams' requirements. Recognize patterns in UX solutions and make connections to inform and/or influence technical solutions
Identify and aggregate qualitative and quantitative data to inform design solutions at the feature and product level
Accelerate progress by driving crisp and timely decisions, clearing blockers, and escalating appropriately
Contribute to cross-team mechanisms and methods that improve process efficacy. Foster constructive dialogue and seek resolutions in a professional way
Train new peers on team deliverables and how they fit into the bigger picture
Our team is part of Region services that owns the Product Registry of services across AWS, providing the ability for service teams to track, report and self-correct feature catalog. It establishes a source of truth for AWS feature catalog metadata including Naming, Categorization, Life cycle stage, contacts, hierarchy, regional availability, technical dependencies and artifact repository. Achieve parity across AWS regions by enabling service teams with region expansion. The team is also responsible for publishing service team roadmap to external AWS customers using AWS Capabilities by Region and self-hosted Capability Insights.
Basic Qualifications
5+ years of delivering design solutions as a UX designer or interaction designer experience
Experience designing and prototyping with tools such as Figma, Adobe Creative Cloud, or similar
Experience working in a collaborative team and working directly with developers for implementation of designs
Knowledge of usability principles and techniques
Preferred Qualifications
Experience prototyping (HTML, XHTML, JavaScript, CSS, Flash or Flash Catalyst, or Axure)
Experience with AI/ML technologies and AI user workflows.
Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of protected veteran status, disability, or other legally protected status.
Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.
The base salary range for this position is listed below. Your Amazon package will include sign-on payments and restricted stock units (RSUs). Final compensation will be determined based on factors including experience, qualifications, and location. Amazon also offers comprehensive benefits including health insurance (medical, dental, vision, prescription, Basic Life & AD&D insurance and option for Supplemental life plans, EAP, Mental Health Support, Medical Advice Line, Flexible Spending Accounts, Adoption and Surrogacy Reimbursement coverage), 401(k) matching, paid time off, and parental leave. Learn more about our benefits at https://amazon.jobs/en/benefits.
USA, NY, New York - 129,600.00 - 176,000.00 USD annually
Company - Ama