Connect and Control Technologies: A leader in critical applications for the aerospace, defense and industrial markets, including harsh environment connectors and control components. Our leading brands include ITT Cannon, Enidine, Aerospace Controls and kSARIA.
Position Summary
Provides design engineering support to, create, analyze, sustain, and optimize elements of advanced/highly engineered Aerospace and Industrial parts and assemblies. Contributes to ensuring new products are successfully implemented from development through to production and provides support for fielded products. Strong emphasis on engineering fundamentals and data-based decision making as well as a focus on design for performance and manufacturability.
Safety is a core value at ITT. Our department employees, managers, supervisors play a critical role in creating and maintaining a safe workplace for our employees by following all ITT safety policies and procedures and by observing employees to ensure that safety procedures are followed.
Demonstrates wide breadth of design competency in the areas of mechanics, thermodynamics, materials sciences, FEA analysis, simulation techniques, hand calculations, or similar skills.
Applies Root Cause Corrective Action (RCCA) methodology and tools such as 8D, 5Why to resolve systemic issues of moderate size.
Utilizes foundational analysis methods to evaluate data and draw conclusions in support of design work and recommendations.
Recommends and implements improvements and/or modifications of moderate scale to products or designs resulting in reduction of assembly time or material cost, or improvements in performance and quality.
Plans and executes projects and subtasks including estimation, tracking, and completion of projects on time and within budget. This includes schedules, budgets, business case justification, and overall project plan.
Creates substantial portions of design reports.
Generates Engineering Change Order documentation.
Supports MRB evaluations for component MRB issues within assigned product line scope.
Identifies and implements EHS improvements within assigned product line scope.
Leads by example and demonstrates initiative and ownership over assignments.
Communicates clearly in written form and verbally to explain their work to senior management, peers, other factory personnel, and customers.
Mentors other individuals as appropriate and supports knowledge transfer.
Demonstrates understanding of company values to both internal and external customers.
Position Requirements
Bachelor's degree in a science, technology, engineering, or math (STEM) discipline.
3+ years of design engineering experience in an aerospace, industrial, or similar environment.
Hands-on engineering in a manufacturing environment.
Excellent interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills.
Capable of giving effective presentations to small audience and in generative convincing reports backed with substantive data.
Ability to work independently and to manage time effectively.
Ability to exhibit poise, composure and confidence when confronting stressful or high-pressure situations.
Competent use of MS Office software including MS Project, and MS Excel (with Macros).
Highly organized, detail oriented and able to respond to change quickly.
Ability to manage multiple priorities, and a strong sense of urgency for completing work on time.
Prior experience with Computer Aided Design (3D modeling & 2D drawings) using software such as SolidWorks, Catia, NX, Autodesk Inventor, AutoCAD.
Fundamental understanding of geometric dimensioning & tolerancing (GD&T).
Fundamental understanding of design for cost and design for manufacturability.
Fundamental understanding of industry quality requirements and standards for testing.
Fundamental understanding of test methodology and quality management.
This position requires use of information which is subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations
(ITAR). All applicants must be U.S. persons