Work closely with and provide guidance to developers, engineers and testers
Manage multiple simultaneous UX research/design/engineering processes
Be the owner of, and advocate for, the importance of excellent UX design in an engineering-heavy environment
Required Qualifications
Position requires US citizenship and an active Secret DoD security clearance.
BA/BS in Design, HCI, or BA/BS in Computer Science or Engineering field with UX experience and 8+ years of experience.
5+ years’ experience delivering UX for successful and innovative mobile products, including exposure to and hands-on experience with a variety of UX research techniques and familiarity with lean UX process
5+ years in producing UX designs and interaction prototypes using a variety of industry standard tools. Examples include but are not limited to Sketch, Pixate and Adobe Creative Suite
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Desired Qualifications
Design experience in a mobile, touch-based environment
Demonstrable independence and initiative: you’ve identified, diagnosed and fixed problems before anyone else noticed
Strong and defensible design sensibilities: you know what’s right but you also know how to make the case for it
Experience with pixel-perfect design, and the collaborative and organizational abilities to ensure nothing falls through the cracks
Excellent written and oral communications skills: you know how to get your message across, and you know how to ask for clarification when things aren’t clear
An impressive portfolio that communicates your ability to quickly break down complex problems, develop effective UX solutions, and execute high quality designs and prototypes
DoD 8570 approved security certification (i.e., Security +) (Will be required 90 days after hire).
If you're looking for comfort, keep scrolling. At Leidos, we outthink, outbuild, and outpace the status quo — because the mission demands it. We're not hiring followers. We're recruiting the ones who disrupt, provoke, and refuse to fail. Step 10 is ancient history. We're already at step 30 — and moving faster than anyone else dares.
For U.S. Positions: While subject to change based on business needs, Leidos reasonably anticipates that this job requisition will remain open for at least 3 days with an anticipated close date of no earlier than 3 days after the original posting date as listed above.
The Leidos pay range for this job level is a general guideline onlyand not a guarantee of compensation or salary. Additional factors considered in extending an offer include (but are not limited to) responsibilities of the job, education, experience, knowledge, skills, and abilities, as well as internal equity, alignment with market data, applicable bargaining agreement (if any), or other law.
Leidos is an industry and technology leader serving government and commercial customers with smarter, more efficient digital and mission innovations. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, with 47,000 global employees, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $16.7 billion for the fiscal year ended January 3, 2025. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.
Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available at www.leidos.com/careers/pay-benefits.
Beware of fake employment opportunities using Leidos’ name. Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information during any part of the employment application process (i.e., ask you for money), nor will Leidos ever advance money as part of the hiring process (i.e., send you a check or money order before doing any work). Further, Leidos will only communicate with you through emails that are generated by the Leidos.com automated system – never from free commercial service