Join to apply for the [Summer 2027] Product Design Intern role at Roblox
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
Join to apply for the [Summer 2027] Product Design Intern role at Roblox
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
Join to save [Summer 2027] Product Design Intern at Roblox
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
Every day, tens of millions of people come to Roblox to explore, create, play, learn, and connect with friends in 3D immersive digital experiences– all created by our global community of developers and creators.
At Roblox, we’re building the tools and platform that empower our community to bring any experience that they can imagine to life. Our vision is to reimagine the way people come together, from anywhere in the world, and on any device. We’re on a mission to connect a billion people with optimism and civility, and looking for amazing talent to help us get there.
A career at Roblox means you’ll be working to shape the future of human interaction, solving unique technical challenges at scale, and helping to create safer, more civil shared experiences for everyone.
During your 12-weeks at Roblox as a Product Design Intern, you’ll be at the center of our focus on relentless innovation to empower our global community of players and creatives. We'll support you as you tackle complex design challenges in collaboration with experienced designers, engineers, and product managers. With a global platform with millions of daily users, this is an opportunity to launch your career building a world-class portfolio.
Applications for this position will close on Friday, October 30th at 5 PM PST.
Solve complex workflows using emerging technologies and creative tools to build user-friendly, accessible experiences for our global community.
Deeply understand our business and user ecosystem to deliver thoughtful, data-supported solutions.
Drive improvements within our established frameworks, while seeking opportunities to boldly push design boundaries and storytelling.
Harness storytelling to convey design concepts and actively leverage feedback from senior designers to refine your craft
Pursuing an undergraduate/graduate degree in Design (i.e., UX/UI, Interaction, Motion, Graphics, Typography, Web, or Product) or a related field.
Passionate about designing features, creating prototypes, conducting competitive analysis, user research, and solving business problems through design.
Curious about people's behaviors, needs, and motivations, recognizing this as essential to the design process.
Aesthetically inclined,valuing the design of everything around you, from software and hardware to architecture and art.
Eager to learn, you see every project as an opportunity to grow your skills and perspective.
Please note the Company may not be able to employ candidates who have United States work authorization related to certain U.S. visa categories, or support future H-1B sponsorship at this time. You may redact age, date of birth, and dates of attendance/graduation from your resume.
For roles that are based at our headquarters in San Mateo, CA: The starting base pay for this position is as shown below. The actual base pay is dependent upon a variety of job-related factors such as professional background, training, work experience, location, business needs and market demand. Therefore, in some circumstances, the actual hourly rate could fall outside of this expected range. This pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. Please note that not all benefits shown on this page are applicable to internship opportunities.
Roles that are based in an office are onsite Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, with optional presence on Monday and Friday (unless otherwise noted).
Roblox provides equ