Join to apply for the User Experience Designer role at Epic
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
Join to apply for the User Experience Designer role at Epic
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
Join to save User Experience Designer at Epic
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
Please note that this position is based on our campus in Madison, WI, and requires relocation to the area. We recruit nationally and provide financial relocation assistance.
At Epic, our guiding principle is to make our products a joy to use. As a UX Designer, you'll act as the lead experience and visual designer for several development teams, setting the direction for joyful design. You'll meet with end-users to establish an understanding of their unique needs, research their workflows, and observe our applications being used contextually. You'll then work alongside developers to design intuitive, beautiful applications with sound information architecture. Throughout the design process, you'll demonstrate your ideas with various levels of finish: sketches, wireframes, high-fidelity mockups, and interactive prototypes.
Live affordably in a city known for its rising tech talent.
Epic is located just outside Madison, Wisconsin, the second fastest growing market for tech talent in the United States and home to the state capital and the University of Wisconsin. Madison, a city surrounded by water, has received accolades for being the greenest city in America (NerdWallet), the best city for renters (SmartAsset), the fittest city in America (Fitbit), and the third best metro in the US for young professionals (Forbes Advisor).
Our uniquely themed campus was designed to heighten your ability to get stuff done in your office, a conference room, or by the fireplace in a comfy chair. All meals are restaurant-quality but cost only a few dollars, and they’re prepared by a team comprised of kitchen talent from restaurants around the country. And, after five years here, you’ll earn a four-week sabbatical anywhere in the world. Staff have kayaked in Patagonia, attended a Beyoncé concert in Ireland, built a library in Tanzania, and run a marathon in Antarctica.
We offer comprehensive benefits to keep you healthy and happy as you grow in your life and career, and your merit-based compensation will reflect the impact your work has on the company and our customers. You'll also be eligible for annual raises and bonuses, as well as stock grants, which give you an even greater stake in the success of Epic and our customers. Healthcare is global, and building the best ideas from around the world into Epic software is a point of pride. As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we know that inclusive teams design software that supports the delivery of quality care for all patients, so diversity, equity, and inclusion are written into our principles. Please see our full non-discrimination statement at https://careers.epic.com/EEO.
A solid portfolio demonstrating strong user experience and visual design skills
Education or experience in user-centered design techniques
Relocation to the Madison, WI, area (reimbursed)
Eligible to work in the U.S. without visa sponsorship
For fastest consideration, please include a link to your online portfolio or any interactive applications you've designed
Design, Art/Creative, and Information Technology
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Epic by 2x
Get notified about new User Experience Designer jobs in Grand Rapids, MI .
Lead Product Designer – Tax Product Development
Lead Product Designer – Tax Product Development
Senior Product Designer – Tax Product Development
Senior Product Designer – Tax Product Development
-
Design Studio Spc/Home Stylist, Full Time, Woodland Mall, Grand Rapids
Design Studio