UI/UX Designer (only W2 Position – No C2C Accepted)
UI/UX Designer (only W2 Position – No C2C Accepted)
See who Systems Technology Group, Inc. (STG) has hired for this role
Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features.
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
Direct message the job poster from Systems Technology Group, Inc. (STG)
Senior Talent Acquisition Specialist At Systems Technology Group
Title : UI/UX Designer (only W2 Position – No C2C Accepted)
Description: STG is a SEI CMMi Level 5 company with several Fortune 500 and State Government clients. STG has an opening for UI/UX Designer.
Please note that this project assignment is with our own direct clients. We do not go through any vendors. STG only does business with direct end clients. This is expected to be a long-term position. STG will provide immigration and permanent residency sponsorship assistance to those candidates who need it.
Employees in this job function create intuitive and enjoyable end-to-end user experiences for customers interacting with vehicles, digital products and other customer touchpoints. They apply their expertise in research, analysis, and design to create intuitive, engaging, and user-friendly interactions while ensuring the user experience aligns with customer expectations, brand values, and industry standards
Understand user needs, behaviors and preferences to create intuitive interactions
Map the user journey throughout their interactions with the organization
Define how users interact with various interfaces, like gesture controls, voice commands, touchscreens, etc.
Structure information in a logical and intuitive manner
Manage translators and localization specialists
Understand entire ecosystem of services including various touchpoints and stakeholders involved in delivering the service, to create cohesive and seamless service experience
Integrate Accessibility and Universal Design principles into the design process
Conduct usability testing and user experience research to evaluate the effectiveness and efficiency of interactions
Prioritize user needs and advocate for design craft excellence
Leverage systems design processes to solve design challenges holistically
Experience leading design within Lean/Agile product teams.
Proven ability to influence stakeholders, drive consensus, and communicate design rationale at senior levels.
Specialized expertise (e.g., in-vehicle, mobile, business design, motion, API-driven systems).
Demonstrated ability to mentor, coach, and build design talent.
Track record of introducing innovative design methods and advancing organizational design maturity. Should know how to leverage AI technologies
UI/UX Designer is based in Dearborn, MI. A great opportunity to experience the corporate environment leading personal career growth.
Resume Submittal Instructions: Interested/qualified candidates should email their word formatted resumes to Vasavi Konda – vasavi.konda(.@)stgit.com and/or contact @ (Two-Four-Eight) Seven- One-Two – Six-Seven-Two-Five (@248.712.6725) . In the subject line of the email please include: First and Last Name : UI/UX Designer.
For more information about STG, please visit us at www.stgit.com.
“Opportunities don't happen, you create them.”
Phone: @ (Two-Four-Eight) Seven- One-Two – Six-Seven-Two-Five: @ 248.712.6725(O)
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Systems Technology Group, Inc. (STG) by 2x
Get notified about new Interface Specialist jobs in Dearborn, MI .
-
Hyundai America Technical Center, Inc. (HATCI)
Consultant - Data Visualization-User Interface/Experience
Consultant - Data Visualization-User Interface/Experience
-
Find curated posts and i