See who MDW Associates, LLC has hired for this role
MDW Associates is seeking a UI/UX Analyst to lead User Interface and Experience requirements gathering, usability and functionality testing, and deployment activities for software and cloud-based applications to support the US Postal Services' Inspector General's Office (OIG).
This position is on-site 4 days a week at our USPS customer site in Arlington, VA.
The UI/UX Analyst may perform a combination of some or all of the following duties:
Champion user-centric design principles throughout the organization.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure alignment with business goals and user needs.
Conduct comprehensive usability assessments using various methods (user testing, heuristic evaluation, etc.).
Identify pain points in existing software products and propose enhancements.
Leverage user data and analytics to inform design choices.
Translate insights into actionable recommendations for iterative improvements.
Create high-fidelity wireframes and prototypes that align with user expectations.
Define interaction patterns for seamless user journeys.
Mentor junior team members and provide guidance on best practices.
Collaborate with UI designers, developers, and product managers to deliver exceptional user experiences.
7+ years of experience in UI/UX analysis, with a track record of successful projects.
Advanced proficiency in usability testing, user research, and interaction design.
Expertise in industry-standard tools such as Sketch, Figma, or Adobe XD.
Solid understanding of front-end development technologies (HTML, CSS, JavaScript).
Problem solving/Adaptability: the ability to identify and proactively respond to issues, resolve conflicts, and find creative solutions to pain points.
Analytical skills: the ability to analyze data, feedback, and metrics to derive meaningful insights and make data-driven decisions.
UX & UI project analysis and deployment experience in the federal government vertical
Public Trust - Candidates for this position must be submitted for a background investigation in order to satisfy government requirements.
Incorporated in 2012, MDW is a small business headquartered in McLean, VA with offices in Huntsville, AL. We provide Federal government clients with consulting, management services, advisory and assistance services, decision support, strategic planning, process planning and improvement, task execution and metrics analysis. Our mission is to make our clients more successful by providing honest assessments, exceptional analysis, prudent advice, direct communication, and hard work.
MDW Associates, LLC ("MDW") is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in hiring or employment on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, marital status, covered veteran status, mental or physical disability, pregnancy or any other unlawful basis unrelated to the ability to do the job. MDW seeks to employ talented, ethical, and entrepreneurial-minded persons. Our applicants and employees are protected from discrimination as required by Federal law.
We offer a competitive and comprehensive benefits and compensation package for our employees, including but not limited to:
Group Life Insurance/Long Term Disability/Short Term Disability
All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at MDW Associates, LLC by 2x
Get notified about new User Experience Analyst jobs in Arlington, VA .
UI/UX Designer (Systems Application Analyst 2) 29548
UI/UX Designer (Systems Application Analyst 2) 29548
UI/UX and Design Analyst [U.S. Citizenship Required]
UI/UX and Design Analyst [U.S. Citizenship Required]
UI/UX and Design Analyst [U.S. Citizenship Required]
UI/UX and Design Analyst [U.S. Citizenship Required]
-
Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.
California State University, Los Angeles jobs
Sign in to see who you already know at MDW Asso