Reach Beyond at PALFINGER as a Product Design Engineer II and join our engineering team in Oklahoma City, OK . In this role, you will plan, coordinate, and contribute to engineering and research and development activities focused on aerial working platforms. You will play a key role in designing, analyzing, testing, and improving products while ensuring compliance with industry standards and customer requirements. Working closely with cross-functional teams, you will help develop innovative solutions that enhance product performance, manufacturability, and reliability.
Develop aerial work platform systems in compliance with ANSI A92.2 standards and product requirements.
Analyze test results, evaluate design performance, and implement modifications to meet specifications and objectives.
Perform FEA analyses, engineering calculations, and design reviews to support product development and continuous improvement.
Create engineering drawings, GD&T documentation, specifications, and hydraulic system schematics.
Collaborate with internal and external stakeholders to develop solutions and support manufacturing and assembly processes.
Your Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering or Mechanical Engineering Technology preferred.
3-6 years of experience in a manufacturing and/or research and development environment.
Experience with 3D CAD software; CREO Parametric experience preferred.
Strong analytical, problem-solving, and decision-making skills with the ability to manage multiple priorities.
Experience with FEA analysis, Microsoft Office applications, and ERP systems; SAP S/4HANA experience preferred.
Comprehensive benefits package with flexible options
Competitive paid time off, including paternity leave
Ongoing career growth and development opportunities
A culture built on respect, openness, inclusion, and support
The opportunity to make a meaningful impact while contributing to a growing organization
We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at PALFINGER by 2x
Get notified about new Product Design Engineer jobs in Oklahoma City, OK .
Structural Design Engineer (Associate and Experienced )
Structural Design Engineer (Associate and Experienced )
Mechanical Systems Design & Analysis Engineer (Experienced or Lead)
Mechanical Systems Design & Analysis Engineer (Experienced or Lead)
Mechanical Design Engineer (All Experience Levels)
Mechanical Design Engineer (All Experience Levels)
-
IEC - International Environmental Corporation
Engineer Structural Design/Principal Structural Design
Engineer Structural Design/Principal Structural Design
Pressure Vessel Design Engineer / Mechanical Engineer
Pressure Vessel Design Engineer / Mechanical Engineer
Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.
Sign in to see who you already know at PALFINGER
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .