Maternity Leave (Short-Term Disability + Baby Bonding): 28-30 weeks
Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location from the following: Seattle, WA, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA . Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.
4 years of experience in front-end development, technical UX design, or prototyping.
Experience in application development in at least one platform/area (e.g., web, iOS, Android, CompDes, XR).
Experience architecting and delivering applications.
Include a portfolio, website, or any other relevant link to your work in your resume (providing a viewable link or access instructions).
Preferred qualifications:
5 years of experience developing responsive, adaptive, and performant websites and applications.
5 years of experience as a front-end developer, UX Engineer, creative or design technologist, or in a prototyping design environment.
Experience in motion design and setting a high bar for visual quality, including physics-based patterns and design systems.
Experience building on browser-based tools like chrome extensions, react, or electron.
Experience with full-stack development and rapid UX prototyping.
Excellent visual craft and systems thinking skills, with a bias for fast, creative experimentation and iteration.
At Google, we "Focus on the user and all else will follow." Our UX Engineers are versatile, passionate, and driven to advance the vision for our design teams. Comfortable working across discipline lines, you will develop products and prototypes that bring innovative ideas to life.
Joining a multi-disciplinary UX team, you will collaborate with Engineering and Product Management, using user insights to create industry-leading products. In a fast-paced environment, you will use your creativity, analytical skills, and knowledge of user-facing technologies to: create prototypes that define product experiences; launch innovative features; build tools to accelerate UX teams; and bridge design and engineering to ensure efficient, high-quality execution.
The team works to develop products that help users connect, communicate, and collaborate with others. Our consumer products and cloud platforms are giving millions of users at homes, businesses, universities and nonprofits around the world the tools that shape their web experience and change the way they think about computing.
Chrome is dedicated to building a better, more open web. We’re focused on making a better browser (on both desktop and mobile) to help users take advantage of all the web has to offer in a safe and secure way.Chrome is available across all major platforms — iOS, Android, Windows, Mac, Linux and Chrome OS. We also built Chrome as an open source project so the entire web ecosystem could benefit from the latest innovations in speed, simplicity and security.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $132000 - $190000 (USD) + 15% bonus target + equity + benefits
Set the technical standard for front-end craft, polish, and animation quality across the team, while contributing to the evolution of foundational code and tooling to accelerate AI-assisted engineering workflows for future product scale.
Partner with research, design, and product, as well as core partners like DeepMind, Google Labs, and Creative Lab, to scope and build concepts and iterate based on user feedback toward graduation into core Chrome.
Drive rapid prototyping and real-time collaboration within the disco vehicle to explore novel interaction concepts, translating ambitious design outlooks into distinctive, testable experiences built for future product scale and integration.
Own the craft of key AI-native browser surfaces, shipping high-fidelity UI with complex user interactions and functionality that defines how next-generation AI-first software should look and behave in Chrome.
Google is proud to be an