By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Mechanical Engineering, Product Design, or related field, or equivalent practical experience.
5 years of experience designing mechanical components such as plastic or metal parts, mechanical assemblies, printed circuit boards, or flexes.
5 years of experience using computer-aided design (CAD) tools such as 3D/2D CAD, DFM/DFA, Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T), material properties, and manufacturing techniques.
5 years of experience in mechanical design, including shipping commercial products or designing electromechanical assemblies in a research or prototype environment.
Preferred qualifications:
Master's degree in Mechanical Engineering, Product Design, or related field, or equivalent practical experience.
Proven experience providing technical mentorship and guiding the work of other engineers.
Experience contributing to product or technology roadmaps and influencing program-level strategy.
As a member of a fast-paced multi-disciplinary team, you use your creativity and range of engineering experience to explore solutions to a variety of engineering problems. As a mechanical engineer, you participate in the design, analysis, and prototyping of new concepts. You work in a manufacturing and product oriented development environment and collaborate with vendors and outside sources in order to see parts through to manufacture.
The Platforms and Devices team encompasses Google's various computing software platforms across environments (desktop, mobile, applications), as well as our first party devices and services that combine the best of Google AI, software, and hardware. Teams across this area research, design, and develop new technologies to make our user's interaction with computing faster and more seamless, building innovative experiences for our users around the world.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $159000 - $231000 (USD) + 15% bonus target + equity + benefits
Own battery pack integration including the design and release of parts and final assembly integration techniques to ensure a successful product launch.
Define cell and pack requirements with product engineering teams to find the best options for product volume, weight, and run time.
Research, design, evaluate, install, operate, or maintain mechanical products, equipment, systems and processes to meet requirements.
Confer with engineers or other personnel to implement operating procedures, resolve system malfunctions, and provide technical information.
Recommend design modifications to eliminate mechanical, machine, and system malfunctions.
Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form .
Other, Information Technology, and Engineering
Information Services and Technology, Information and Internet
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Google by 2x
Get notified about new Product Design Engineer jobs in Mountain View, CA .
Product Design Engineer, In House Cell Engineering
Product Design Engineer, In House Cell Engineering
-
Mechanical Design Engineer, Core Product Engineering, HV Battery Module & Pack
Mechanical Design Engineer,