Peraton is a next-generation national security company that drives missions of consequence spanning the globe and extending to the farthest reaches of the galaxy. As the world's leading mission capability integrator and transformative enterprise IT provider, we deliver trusted, highly differentiated solutions and technologies to protect our nation and allies. Peraton operates at the critical nexus between traditional and nontraditional threats across all domains: land, sea, space, air, and cyberspace. The company serves as a valued partner to essential government agencies and supports every branch of the U.S. armed forces. Each day, our employees solve the most daunting challenges that our customers face. Visit peraton.com to learn how we're keeping people around the world safe and secure.
About The Role
Peraton is seeking a UX Designer to join our team of qualified, diverse individuals. This position will be located in Herndon, VA. The qualified applicant will become part of Peraton's Department of State (DOS) Consular Systems Modernization (CSM) Program, for the Bureau of Diplomatic Technology (DT). This initiative is intended to modernize and consolidate the operational environment under a common technology framework in order to better support the services provided to CA's customers.
As part of the modernization program, the UX Designer will be responsible for a wide range of design activities and associated work artifacts, including user research & discovery, ideation, digital product concept design, and prototype development following a user-centered and design thinking approach.
Ability to apply design thinking and user-centered design approaches that satisfy both explicit and implicit requirements from various user types.
Conduct user research, such as requirements elicitation, field observations, heuristic evaluations, and usability testing.
Facilitate product vision by concepting, wireframes, visual design and prototyping experiences for digital products.
Design adaptive and responsive product concepts & prototypes for web-based and mobile applications using modern design tools like Figma.
Design digital solutions that are compliant with 508 / Accessibility standards.
Design digital solutions to comply with USWDS design system.
Qualifications
Minimum Qualifications :
Bachelor's degree and at least five (5) years' experience.
Experience in designing adaptive and responsive UX solutions for software development projects that specialize in web and mobile-based applications.
Experience in designing solutions that are compliant with 508 / accessibility standards.
Experience modernizing and designing enterprise software systems (web and mobile-based).
Experience in conducting user research, such as requirements elicitation, field observations, heuristic evaluations, and usability testing.
Experience in developing detailed user stories to include precise and descriptive acceptance criteria.
Some experience using Agile software development tools including Jira, Git, and Jenkins.
Experience with platforms like Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe CC, Sketch, ProtoPie, Mural, and Axure.
Experience in Design Systems, like US Web Design (USWDS), Apple HIG, Google Material, and IBM Carbon.
Must have an Active Secret (or higher) clearance. Interim clearance acceptable.
Preferred Qualifications :
Experience designing for the Salesforce low-code platform.
Advanced knowledge of the US Web Design System (USWDS).
Advance knowledge and experience using Figma.
Target Salary Range: $66,000 - $106,000. This represents the typical salary range for this position. Salary is determined by various factors, including but not limited to, the scope and responsibilities of the position, the individual's experience, education, knowledge, skills, and competencies, as well as geographic location and business and contract considerations. Depending on the position, employees may be eligible for overtime, shift differential, and a discretionary bonus in addition to bas