See who Accenture Federal Services has hired for this role
Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features.
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
At Accenture Federal Services, nothing matters more than helping the US federal government make the nation stronger and safer and life better for people. Our 13,000+ people are united in a shared purpose to pursue the limitless potential of technology and ingenuity for clients across defense, national security, public safety, civilian, and military health organizations.
Join Accenture Federal Services, a technology company within global Accenture. Recognized as a Glassdoor Top 100 Best Place to Work, we offer a collaborative and caring community where you feel like you belong and are empowered to grow, learn and thrive through hands-on experience, certifications, industry training and more.
Join us to drive positive, lasting change that moves missions and the government forward!
As a UX Researcher, you will reveal what our users need from the client’s products by conducting research, working with cross-functional teams, and performing usability studies. These responsibilities include delivering oral and written presentations, evaluating qualitative and quantitative data, and helping the UX team better understand what would make a user’s experience intuitive, accessible, and seamless.
Collaborate with designers and stakeholders to understand research needs
Conduct all stages of UX research: identifying, planning, driving, conducting, analyzing, and reporting out actionable insights
Communicate out statuses and updates of research studies to stakeholders
Continuously update the UX research repository
Work cross-functionally with product owners, designers, content producers and leadership to help identify significant user insights, gaps, conduct UX research, and generate insights to craft user experience strategy for launches, incremental improvements, and innovation
Identify opportunities to improve user experience based on research insights
Build a UX research repository that delivers efficiency for clients
Bachelor’s Degree in human behavior or related field, or equivalent experience
Ability to perform all research related tasks including research, planning, evaluating, and iteration
Ability to quickly and effectively share research results
Ability to learn new software quickly; experience with Microsoft Office, Dscout, Optimal Workshop, Figma, Confluence, or JIRA is a plus.
Knowledge of UX research modalities and methods (e.g., generative and evaluative, participatory design, card sorting, journey mapping, un-moderated).
Understanding of integrating qualitative and quantitative research methods to improve research outcomes.
Minimum of 1 year of experience leading a workstream
Client-facing experience in the federal or public sector
As required by local law, Accenture Federal Services provides reasonable ranges of compensation for hired roles based on labor costs in the states of California, Colorado, Hawaii, Illinois, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, and the District of Columbia, and the city of Cleveland . The base pay range for this position in these locations is shown below. Compensation for roles at Accenture Federal Services varies depending on a wide array of factors, including but not limited to office location, role, skill set, and level of experience. Accenture Federal Services offers a wide variety of benefits. You can find more information on benefits here. We accept applications on an on-going basis and there is no fixed deadline to apply.
The pay range for the states of California,