Build systems that allow anyone to prototype within production constraints
Partner with science to refine GenAI creative workflows
Prototype rapidly, ship production-ready code
Leadership (providing data-driven insights and automated visibility)
Basic Qualifications
5+ years of front-end technologist, engineer, or UX prototyper experience
Have coding samples in front end programming languages
Experience designing and prototyping with tools such as Figma, Adobe Creative Cloud, or similar
Preferred Qualifications
Knowledge of Python, Javascript, and source control (Git)
Have coding samples in front end programming languages
Experience building web applications with React and modern web technologies
Experience handling ambiguous or undefined challenges through strong problem solving abilities
Demonstrated systems thinking: you've built tools, platforms, or infrastructure that other people use (portfolio/case studies required)
Ability to bridge design and engineering, translating fluently between both worlds
Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of protected veteran status, disability, or other legally protected status.
Los Angeles County applicants: Job duties for this position include: work safely and cooperatively with other employees, supervisors, and staff; adhere to standards of excellence despite stressful conditions; communicate effectively and respectfully with employees, supervisors, and staff to ensure exceptional customer service; and follow all federal, state, and local laws and Company policies. Criminal history may have a direct, adverse, and negative relationship with some of the material job duties of this position. These include the duties and responsibilities listed above, as well as the abilities to adhere to company policies, exercise sound judgment, effectively manage stress and work safely and respectfully with others, exhibit trustworthiness and professionalism, and safeguard business operations and the Company’s reputation. Pursuant to the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.
The base salary range for this position is listed below. Your Amazon package will include sign-on payments and restricted stock units (RSUs). Final compensation will be determined based on factors including experience, qualifications, and location. Amazon also offers comprehensive benefits including health insurance (medical, dental, vision, prescription, Basic Life & AD&D insurance and option for Supplemental life plans, EAP, Mental Health Support, Medical Advice Line, Flexible Spending Accounts, Adoption and Surrogacy Reimbursement coverage), 401(k) matching, paid time off, and parental leave. Learn more about our benefits at https://amazon.jobs/en/benefits.
USA, CA, Santa Monica - 131,800.00 - 178,300.00 USD annually
USA, NY, New York - 145,000.00 - 196,100.00 USD annually
USA, WA, SEATTLE - 131,800.00 - 178,300.00 USD annually
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Amazon by 2x
Get notified about new Design Technologist jobs in Seattle, WA .
Computational Designer II, Footwear Innovation
Computational Designer II, Footwear Innovation
Technical Designer - Nordstrom Women's Suiting and Wovens - (Hybrid) - Seattle, WA
Technical Designer - Nordstrom Women's Suiting and Wovens - (Hybrid) - Seattle, WA
Design Technologist, Advertising UX, Design Systems
Design Technologist, Advertising UX, Design Systems
Technical Designer - Women's Open Edit & BP