10% - Participation in Planning and Strategy Activities - Partners with Product, Development, other UX resources. Executes on the experience vision & purpose. Understands business goals at a feature & product level. Actively and consistently seeks learning opportunities.
This Position typically reports to User Experience Manager.
Travel Requirements
Typically requires overnight travel 5% to 20% of the time.
Physical Requirements
Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions, there may be a need to move or lift light articles.
Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.
Minimum Qualifications
Must be legally permitted to work in the United States.
Preferred Qualifications
2-4 years of UX experience in an Enterprise or retail environment or a degree in related field
2-4 years of experience working with agile software development teams
Desire to thrive in a fast-moving environment
The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a bachelor's degree program or equivalent degree in a field of study related to the job.
The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a bachelor's degree program or equivalent degree in a field of study related to the job.
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at The Home Depot by 2x
Sign in to set job alerts for “User Experience Designer” roles.
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
-
UX Design - Senior Associate- Commercial Technology & Innovation
UX Design - Senior Associate- Commercial Technology & Innovation
Experience Designer (Visual and Product) - Senior Associate- Commercial Technology & Innovation
Experience Designer (Visual and Product) - Senior Associate- Commercial Technology & Innovation
Senior Product Designer – Tax Product Development
Senior Product Designer – Tax Product Development
Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.
Sign in to see who you already know at The Home Depot
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .