CapTech is an award-winning consulting firm that collaborates with clients to achieve what’s possible through the power of technology. At CapTech, we’re passionate about the work we do and the results we achieve for our clients. From the outset, our founders shared a collective passion to create a consultancy centered on strong relationships that would stand the test of time. Today we work alongside clients that include Fortune 100 companies, mid-sized enterprises, and government agencies, a list that spans across the country. Learn more at captechconsulting.com.
Job Description
Please note: we are primarily hiring for this position in Atlanta, Charlotte, DC/Reston and Richmond. You will be able to designate your location preference upon application. Portfolio is required.
As a recent graduate joining our Customer Experience (CX) team at CapTech as a User Experience (UX) Associate Consultant, you will help create intuitive, impactful, and accessible digital experiences. Our UX Consultants are passionate problem solvers who strive to produce elegant solutions to complex business challenges, all while honing their craft and growing in their careers. They stay up to date with the latest tools and methods for designing digital products and services, and they approach additional training in these areas with curiosity and enthusiasm.
Our consultants have opportunities to work with Fortune 500 corporations across a variety of industries, broadening their exposure to a wide array of cutting-edge technologies. You will receive hands-on, client-facing experience along with on-the-job training including a client-simulated college hire boot camp.
CapTech is committed to offering UX Associate Consultants growth opportunities through our coaching culture and mentoring by our Subject Matter Experts.
Contributing to the creation of user-centered digital experiences through information architecture, wireframes, prototypes, and interface designs.
Applying usability, accessibility, and interaction design best practices to solve complex business challenges.
Supporting user research and usability testing efforts and helping translate findings into design recommendations.
Collaborating with designers, developers, analysts, and clients throughout the design process.
Creating and presenting clear, compelling deliverables that communicate design rationale and recommendations.
Staying current on design, technology, and AI-enabled workflow trends and evaluating their relevance to client solutions.
Qualifications
Candidates should be graduating in December 2026 or May 2027 with a Bachelor’s or +1/accelerated masters degree* in Design, Information Science, or HCI or a similar field of study.
A portfolio of project work examples must be submitted in order to be considered. Please provide a portfolio password, if needed.
Strong communication skills, both oral and written, are essential for effective collaboration and clear exchange of ideas with clients and team members.
A keen analytical mind and effective problem-solving skills, coupled with a strong desire to learn and grow professionally
Proficiency in tools such as Figma and Adobe CC is strongly desired, with working knowledge of Accessibility best practices a plus.
Ability to properly leverage generative AI tools for efficiency in workflow is desired.
Hands-on experience exploring AI-powered prototyping and design tools to rapidly generate concepts, user flows, wireframes, or interactive experiences is a plus.
Familiarity with design systems, reusable components, and modern product design workflows.
Ability to explain design decisions and connect solutions to user and business needs.
Demonstrated collaboration through coursework, internships, or team-based projects.
Curiosity about emerging technologies, including AI-powered design tools and workflows.
*Graduate students only considered if they went straight to grad school from undergrad and have no prior full-time work experience, otherwise please re