By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
Job Description:
At Bank of America, we are guided by a common purpose to help make financial lives better through the power of every connection. We do this by driving Responsible Growth and delivering for our clients, teammates, communities and shareholders every day.
Being a Great Place to Work and providing a culture of caring is core to how we drive Responsible Growth. We are intentional about fostering an inclusive workplace where every teammate has the opportunity to succeed, build a career and contribute to our shared success. This includes attracting and developing exceptional talent, recognizing and rewarding performance, and supporting our teammates’ physical, emotional, and financial wellness through affordable, competitive and flexible benefits.
We value the unique perspectives individuals bring from all backgrounds and career paths - whether shaped by military service, community college education, or a wide range of work and life experiences. These journeys foster resilience, leadership and innovation, strengthening our workforce and positively impact the communities we serve.
Bank of America is committed to an in-office culture that supports collaboration, engagement, and career development. Our approach includes clear in-office expectations, while providing an appropriate level of flexibility based on role-specific responsibilities and business needs.
At Bank of America, you can build a successful career with opportunities to learn, grow, and make an impact. Join us!
Bank of America’s Experience Design (XD) team creates world-class end-to-end digital experiences that are intuitive, innovative, engaging, and inclusive. We are a multi-disciplinary design organization with expertise across product design, content design, design research, design operations, and design technology. The team is constantly defining, iterating, solving problems, and working together to find ways all our digital platforms can empower customers to reach their financial goals by designing and delivering next-level experiences that provide ease, convenience and safety while matching to individual needs and preferences.
Bank of America is looking for an Experience Design (XD) III, Design System Product Designer that will be responsible for leading and raising craft delivery quality and efficiency for an interdisciplinary experience design team, shaping the next evolution of our enterprise-scale design system and AI-enabled software delivery ecosystem.
The role will be an AI-first senior design system architect and individual contributor directly accountable for delivering both strategic and tactical solutions like foundations, components, and features that support how our digital products are conceived, designed, and delivered. Success in this role requires enabling AI-powered workflows that span the entire software development lifecycle, from requirements and ideation through prototyping, engineering handoff, and launch. Accountable to shape and scale the intersection of design systems, AI, and product delivery by advancing machine-readable design standards, prompt-to-prototype workflows, and emerging technologies that enable experience designers, product teams, and engineers to build more efficiently and continuously improve enterprise-wide adoption of AI and agentic processes, best practices, and frameworks. Establishes design as a strategic business capability and competitive advantage, while ensuring roadmap projects are delivered with high standards on experience quality, execution, and professionalism, delivering on-time and on-budget. And contribute to a culture of creativity, accountability, discourse, and measurable key results.
This job is responsible for leading multi-disciplinary Experience Desig