The Product Designer is responsible for designing, developing, and improving products from concept through production. This role collaborates with engineering, manufacturing, quality, procurement, sales, and customers to deliver innovative, cost‑effective, and manufacturable solutions that meet customer requirements and business objectives.
Develop proposal drawings and final design layouts, verifying dimensions, materials, tolerances, and component relationships within assemblies and complete products.
Create drawings from sketches, existing drawings, electronic files, specifications, and verbal instructions while working directly with design engineers and stakeholders.
Review, process, and implement engineering changes, revisions, and configuration updates; maintain customer print logs and revision records.
Maintain engineering files, drawings, and records in electronic and/or manual systems in accordance with document retention policies.
Provide technical support and product expertise to Sales, Quotations, Purchasing, Production Planning, Manufacturing, Quality Assurance, suppliers, and customers.
Support prototype development, testing, troubleshooting, continuous improvement initiatives, and resolution of product design and application issues.
Prepare, distribute, and control engineering prints and related documentation for Quality Assurance and other departments requiring technical drawings and specifications.
Perform duties in a safe, efficient, and quality‑focused manner; follow company policies, departmental procedures, attendance requirements, and safety standards; maintain a clean and organized work environment and report unusual conditions to management.
Must be able to read, interpret and use established drawing standards and customer inputs.
Strong communication skills and people oriented.
Minimum of Associate degree in related field. Prefer Bachelors degree in the Engineering field.
Previous experience in a manufacturing environment preferred.
All qualified applicants shall be treated equally according to their individual qualifications, abilities, experiences and other employment standards. There will be no discrimination due to gender or gender identity, race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, sexual orientation, veteran/military status or any other basis protected by applicable law.
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at The Timken Company by 2x
Sign in to set job alerts for “Product Design Engineer” roles.
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
-
-
-
Design Engineer - Fabrication & Mobile Equipment
Design Engineer - Fabrication & Mobile Equipment
Anritsu - Product Inspection & Detection (North America)
-
Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.
Sign in to see who you already know at The Timken Company
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .