Ensure double-sided traceability with the mechanical architecture through precise documentation and provide deliverables under robust configuration management (including material designation, versioning, storage location, etc.).
Your Qualifications
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or a related technical discipline.
3 plus years of professional experience with at least one year in mechanical product design and development, within battery systems, or e-mobility.
Proficient in 3D CAD software (such as Creo, or similar) and hands-on experience with technical documentation.
Strong understanding of DFMEA, risk analysis, and product validation processes.
Familiarity with design for manufacturing/assembly (DFM/DFA) and configuration management principles.
Strong analytical skills, structured approach, and attention to detail.
Ability to work effectively in interdisciplinary, cross-functional teams.
Excellent communication and documentation skills in English (German beneficial).
External applicants must be authorized to work in the US without employment VISA or other sponsorship.
Life insurance and 401k eligible with up to 6% company match
Regular employee appreciation and company events
Please see all our benefit offerings at Schaeffler Benefits
Schaeffler is an equal employment opportunity / affirmative action employer. All qualified candidates will receive equal employment opportunities and consideration for employment without regard to unlawful consideration of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable law.
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Schaeffler by 2x
Get notified about new Product Design Engineer jobs in Wooster, OH .
-
-
-
-
Senior Product Development Engineer - Mechanical
Senior Product Development Engineer - Mechanical
-
Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.
Sign in to see who you already know at Schaeffler
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .