Proficiently communicates process, design ideas, and research findings in a variety of settings to a variety of audiences
Openness to feedback and iteration, and the ability to adjust to changing project requirements
Be a problem solver, be curious, and be inspired to take action. Be proactive, seek ways to collaborate and connect with people and teams in support of driving success.
Continuous growth mindset, keep learning through social experiences and relationships with stakeholders, experts, colleagues and mentors as well as widen and broaden your competencies through structural courses and programs.
Where applicable, fluency in English and languages relevant to the working market
Physical Requirements
Ability to sit, speak and operate telephone and/or computer for long periods of time
Ability to handle pressure, stressful conditions, and conflict resolution
Ability to work day, evening and/or weekend hours as needed
Ability to stand, walk, climb, kneel, crouch and bend over for work at office premises and office events
· Generous paid time off in your first year, increasing with tenure.
· Up to 16 weeks 100% paid parental leave after one year of employment.
· Paid sick time to care for yourself or family members.
· Education assistance and extensive training resources.
· Do Good Program: Paid volunteer days & donation matching.
· Health & wellness benefits, including discounted Wellhub membership rates.
· Medical, dental & vision insurance for you, spouse/partner & dependents.
All Dun & Bradstreet job postings can be found at https://jobs.lever.co/dnb. Official communication from Dun & Bradstreet will come from an email address ending in @dnb.com.
Notice to Applicants : Please be advised that this job posting page is hosted and powered by Lever, a subsidiary of Employ Inc. Your use of this page is subject to Employ's Privacy Notice and Cookie Policy, which governs the processing of visitor data on this platform.
Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) : Dun & Bradstreet provides equal employment opportunities to applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, genetic information, protected military and veteran status, ancestry, marital status, medical condition (cancer and genetic characteristics) or any other characteristic protected by law. Know Your Rights: Workplace Discrimination is Illegal - The current poster can be found here . We participate in E-Verify - The current poster can be found here .
Accommodations information for applicants with disabilities : Dun & Bradstreet is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to, among others, individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans. If you need an accommodation because of a disability to search and apply for a career opportunity with Dun & Bradstreet, please send an e-mail to AcquisitionT@dnb.com to let us know the nature of your accommodation request and your contact information.
We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please visit https://bit.ly/3LMn4CQ.
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Dun & Bradstreet by 2x
Sign in to set job alerts for “User Experience Designer” roles.
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
-
Entry Level User Experience Designer - Austin, TX - 2027
Entry Level User Experience Designer - Austin, TX - 2027
-
-
UX Designer, Planning Tools, Amazon Customer Service
UX Designer, Planning Tools, Amazon Customer Service
UX Designer , GOEST (Global Operations Enterprise Services - Tech)
UX