Headquartered in Maine, we support SMBs and startups across industries including consumer goods, financial services, retail, and professional services. As a full-service agency, we offer a range of services, including strategy, branding, website design, development, copywriting, and full-service digital marketing solutions.
At Anchour, we are committed to fostering an inclusive work environment where all employees, regardless of their background, can thrive and contribute their best work.
What You’ll Do
You will be trained and oriented to help lead and support new and ongoing client initiatives, including brand identity, brand campaigns, digital advertisements, and more.
Our environment is fast-paced and collaborative. Someone who is positive, driven, and eager to learn and grow will thrive here at Anchour. Reports to the Associate Creative Director, Brand.
Challenging brands and design systems to grow and evolve through your work
Creating campaign concepts; collaborating with strategy and content teams
Designing fully realized brand identity concepts, from ideation to execution
Clearly articulating design thinking and rationale to your colleagues and occasionally, client teams
Refining designs based on client feedback accurately
Producing and overseeing brand production deliverables
Supporting Anchour’s organic social channels, highlighting Anchour’s work and capabilities
Animating branding materials to enhance client presentations
Managing your time and priorities; providing accurate time estimates for work
Supporting adjacent teams by collaborating on one-off assets as needed
Staying up to date on current brand and marketing trends and best practices
3+ years of experience in a digital or creative agency.
Strong technical skills and in-depth knowledge of Figma and Adobe Creative Suite, including After Effects, Illustrator, and Photoshop.
Ability to utilize Canva to quickly create marketing assets.
Light animation skills using tools such as After Effects, with a keen ability to bring static designs to life.
Extensive experience designing a variety of deliverables for a range of brands—including brand identity, storyboards, static social ads, display ads, emails, landing pages, and more.
A strong portfolio showcasing your ability to create engaging, effective brand systems.
A strong eye for design and understanding of grid systems, typography, color theory, and composition.
You’re an innovative, creative thinker with the ability to create a range of visual concepts in response to a brief.
You strive for excellence in all tasks—big and small—understanding the importance of both. You have an obsession with all the little details and are good at self-editing.
You’re not afraid to ask questions from a team member or client.
Experience collaborating with teammates (copywriters, other designers, digital marketers, strategists, and more) as well as clients. You’re a positive team player.
A passionate self-starter capable of learning quickly and independently taking initiative with projects from concept to completion.
Hybrid Work Flexibility. Primarily remote, with regular in-office collaboration days.
Retirement. Savings plan with a 4% company match.
Premium Insurance. Premium health, dental, vision, and life insurance with generous coverage for our US-based team members.
Optional HSA. An optional health savings account (HSA) for employees to set aside money on a pre-tax basis for medical expenses.
Home Office Setup. Get a laptop + 50% reimbursement for home office equipment.
Paid & Flexible Holidays. 12 paid holidays throughout the year, including three flexible holidays.
Paid Time Off. Minimum three weeks of paid time off per year.
Paid Leaves. Paid parental, medical, bereavement, and other types of leave.
Flexible & Summer Fridays. Half-day Fridays throughout the summer, and a get-it-done-and-go mindset year-round.
Lifelong Learners Fund. Cash for professional development (books, conferences, courses), and team bonding fun times.