Join to save Experience Design (XD) I, Product Design - Bank of America Experience Design at Bank of America
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
Job Description:
At Bank of America, we are guided by a common purpose to help make financial lives better through the power of every connection. We do this by driving Responsible Growth and delivering for our clients, teammates, communities and shareholders every day.
Being a Great Place to Work and providing a culture of caring is core to how we drive Responsible Growth. We are intentional about fostering an inclusive workplace where every teammate has the opportunity to succeed, build a career and contribute to our shared success. This includes attracting and developing exceptional talent, recognizing and rewarding performance, and supporting our teammates’ physical, emotional, and financial wellness through affordable, competitive and flexible benefits.
We value the unique perspectives individuals bring from all backgrounds and career paths - whether shaped by military service, community college education, or a wide range of work and life experiences. These journeys foster resilience, leadership and innovation, strengthening our workforce and positively impact the communities we serve.
Bank of America is committed to an in-office culture that supports collaboration, engagement, and career development. Our approach includes clear in-office expectations, while providing an appropriate level of flexibility based on role-specific responsibilities and business needs.
At Bank of America, you can build a successful career with opportunities to learn, grow, and make an impact. Join us!
Bank of America’s Experience Design (XD) team creates world-class end-to-end digital experiences that are intuitive, innovative, engaging and inclusive. We are a multi-disciplinary design organization with expertise across product design, content design, design research, design operations, and design technology. The team is constantly defining, iterating, solving problems, and working together to find ways all our digital platforms can empower customers to reach their financial goals by designing and delivering next-level experiences that provide ease, convenience and safety while matching to individual needs and preferences.
Bank of America is looking for an Experience Designer (XD) I that will be responsible for execution and craft delivery for an interdisciplinary product design team that delivers strategic and tactical solutions in support of Digital Consumer Banking and Payments. The role will partner with peers, and stakeholders from across the organization to ensure roadmap projects are delivered with high standards on experience quality, execution, and professionalism, delivering on-time and on-budget. And contribute to our culture of creativity, accountability, discourse, and measurable key results.
Job Description:
This job is responsible for executing on multi-disciplinary Experience Design (XD) delivery, processes, and functions for end-to-end digital experiences. Key responsibilities include closely collaborating across different stakeholders and functions, executing on direction from day-to-day leaders, developing digital experience solutions, applying a suite of UX specialties, and designing developer-ready low to high-fidelity artifacts. Job expectations include applying knowledge and acumen to define and deliver solutions that meet client needs and solve business problems.
As an Experience Design (XD) I, Product Design you will:
Design, optimize and deliver useful and elegant, best-in-class digital experiences working from a multidisciplinary, holistic perspective from concept to execution and implementation.
Apply a broad range of product design capabilities across user experience and visual design to craft complete product and experience solutions.
Partner with a diverse set of project stakeholders and cros