At DoorDash, we’re reimagining how people connect with the things they need — whether it’s a meal, a grocery run, and anything in between. Our audiences — Consumers, Dashers, and Merchants — are at the heart of everything the Design org builds. Our content design team plays a big part in this, with each content designer shaping the experience and bringing our vision to life through clear, thoughtful language that makes our three-sided marketplace easier, faster, and more human.
About The Role
We’re looking for a full stack UX Design Engineer to be the technical backbone of our global Content Design org and leader who builds the platforms, tooling, and ML systems that make world-class, localized product content effortless across DoorDash, Wolt, and Deliveroo. You’ll work at the intersection of design and engineering to build content tooling and embed LLM-driven workflows into product experiences. You’ll accelerate content design AI tooling so that CD’s can focus on the highest leverage strategic work, while your tools enable product designers and cross functional partners to ship high-quality content faster across DoorDash, Wolt, and Deliveroo.
You're Excited About This Opportunity Because...
Design and build internal content tools that:
Help PMs and designers generate, manage, localize, and deploy product content at scale.
Plug custom GPTs and other LLMs into everyday product workflows for content iteration and improvements.
Build and maintain frontend experiences using React and modern JavaScript/TypeScript.
Design and implement backend services and APIs (e.g., Kotlin/Java) to support content tooling, experimentation, and automation.
Integrate Tooling With Experimentation And Infra
Embed content tools into A/B testing platforms so teams can test and ship variants with minimal engineering dependency.
Build pipelines from variant generation → experiment → automated deployment of winners.
Write clean, maintainable, production-quality code and participate in code reviews.
Optimize performance and reliability across the stack, troubleshooting issues as they arise.
Partner closely with content designers, product designers, PMs, AI infra, design systems, and localization teams across DoorDash, Wolt, and Deliveroo.
Define and track metrics such as speed to ship, adoption, quality, and content designer time saved.
We're Excited About You Because...
5-8 years of experience as a Design Engineer, UX Engineer, or Senior Software Engineer building complex internal tools or platforms.
Strong frontend engineering skills with modern frameworks (React, TypeScript/JavaScript, component libraries).
Experience integrating with internal services, experimentation platforms (A/B testing, feature flags), and infrastructure systems.
Proven ability to partner with designers and/or content strategists to translate workflows into scalable products.
Systems thinking and comfort designing for multi-product, multi-brand environments.
Strong problem-solving skills and ability to debug issues across the stack.
Comfort working in ambiguous, cross-functional spaces with multiple dependencies.
Experience building internal platforms for non-engineering audiences.
Familiarity with AI-driven systems, LLM integrations, or evaluation pipelines.
Experience working in Agile environments and collaborating across distributed teams.
Notice to Applicants for Jobs Located in NYC or Remote Jobs Associated With Office in NYC Only
We use Covey as part of our hiring and/or promotional process for jobs in NYC and certain features may qualify it as an AEDT in NYC. As part of the hiring and/or promotion process, we provide Covey with job requirements and candidate submitted applications. We began using Covey Scout for Inbound from August 21, 2023, through December 21, 2023, and resumed using Covey Scout for Inbound again on June 29, 2024.
The Covey tool has been reviewed by an independent auditor. Results of the audit may be viewed here: Covey
The successful candidate's starting p