Create wireframes, storyboards, user flows, and prototypes to effectively communicate interaction and design ideas.
Present designs and key milestone deliverables to peers and stakeholders while clearly communicating design rationale.
Qualifications
Experience creating wireframes, storyboards, user flows, visual designs, and mobile prototypes as well as clear documentation.
Proficiency in Photoshop, Illustrator, and XD or other prototyping tools.
Must clearly demonstrate a very strong understanding of advanced graphic design principles, while still adhering to the product's overall style guide.
Must be able to scope work, set project deadlines and deliver on time.
Must be able to give and receive feedback gracefully.
Must demonstrate UI / UX design skills with a strong portfolio.
Up-to-date with the latest UI trends, techniques, and technology.
Experience creating animated mockups of UI flows and transition-prototypes.
Previous experience working on casual mobile games
In compliance with local law, we are disclosing the compensation for this role. The range listed is just one component of Jam City's total compensation package for employees, which may also include annual bonuses, short- and long-term incentives, and program-specific awards. The disclosed range estimate has not been adjusted for the applicable geographic differential associated with the location at which the position may be filled. Starting pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, certifications, location, business needs, or market demands. This range is based on a full-time position. This range may be modified in the future. In addition, Jam City provides a variety of benefits to employees, including but not limited to medical, dental, vision, parental leave, paid time off, a 401(k) plan, life, disability, and accident insurance. Pay Range: $75,000 — $110,000 salary per year.
Find videos on our teams and games on our Youtube
OUR COMMITMENT TO EQUITY, DIVERSITY, & INCLUSION
We believe in creating games that unite people across the world and that showcase our commitment to providing an environment that is both inclusive and diverse for our players and employees. We strive to create a workforce that is reflective of our global player community as we know that we are stronger and better when we play together. To help promote an inclusive culture, we celebrate the visible and invisible diversity of our Jam Citizens through initiatives including Employee Resource Groups, cultural events, trainings, speaker series, and more.
Jam City is an equal opportunity employer. We enthusiastically accept our responsibility to make employment decisions without regard to race, age, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, ancestry, religion, ethnicity, marital, or domestic partnerships status, disability, genetic information (including the refusal to submit to genetic testing), predisposing genetic characteristics, military status, veteran status, domestic violence victim status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expressions, or any other classification protected by federal, state, and local laws. Our management is committed to following this policy with respect to hiring, placement, promotion, transfer, demotion, layoff, termination, recruiting, pay, and other forms of compensation, training, and general treatment during employment.
Jam City is a leading entertainment studio with a proven track record of creating some of the world’s most beloved casual puzzle and story-driven mobile games. As the creative force behind fan-favorite, award-winning titles such as Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery , Cookie Jam and Panda Pop , Jam City develops engaging and dynamic games that become an enduring part of our players’ lives. The company is headquartered in Los Angeles with a global network of studios and talent. For more information, please visit www.jamcity.com .
We may use artificial intell