See who Sharp Electronics Corporation USA has hired for this role
Lead, define, and shape the UX design process. Develop user experience concepts and specifications through collection, analysis, and synthesis of data guided by the special requirements between the consumer and product functionality. Prepare clear and concise recommendations by identifying strategy and content, user research, wire-framing and digital prototyping, user-testing and analytics, along with the usual set of requirements determined by the product application. Make decisions on user experience direction as part of the overall strategy.
Handle the conceptualization and development of new product specifications and user psychology. Create personas through user research and data.
Create and implement surveys for direct customer feedback. Develop storyboards to reflect a typical customer. Analyzing usage data and traffic patterns.
Keep abreast of competitor products and industry trends.
Make style guides to define UI elements, communicate design ideas and prototypes to developers. Use rough sketches to experiment with multiple potential solutions to a problem. Performing user testing with the product in question. Have strong communication, presentation, and design judgment skills.
Creates and enhances digital interfaces for apps, and software programs to make the experience more effortless and enjoyable for consumers. Boost customer satisfaction and build brand loyalty. This includes everything from smooth navigation to enhanced visual appeal.
Must create the documentation necessary to convey the solution to management or other business functions through digital models and written reports.
Drive UX projects from start to finish. Responsible for assigned projects, coordinating tasks with Product Planning, Industrial Design, Engineering and other departments. Maintain schedules to assure completion.
Lead and guide the company’s UX strategy to ensure consistency among many platforms and appliances.
Consult and advise Product Planning, Industrial Design, Engineering and other departments on UX recommendations and needed specifications.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in interactive visual design/graphics/industrial design, digital media, communications, computer science, or related field.
Minimum 5+ years of professional experience in UX Design, digital media, or related field.
Should be familiar with Adobe Suite and Microsoft Office with knowledge of UX and Application programming. Familiarity with software GFX, Figma, and Overflow are a plus.
Physical Requirements
Work is performed in an office environment and requires the ability to operate standard office equipment and keyboards in close proximity to others. Must have the ability to lift up to 40 pounds. Must be able to lift and carry parcels, packages, and other items.
SMCA is the U.S. manufacturing facility for SHCA, the U.S. Consumer Products Group of Sharp Electronics Corporation, the U.S. sales subsidiary of Sharp Corporation, a worldwide developer and manufacturer of one-of-a-kind premium technology products, who was recently honored as one of Fortune’s Most Admired Companies for 2024. SHCA includes the manufacturing of premium home appliances in Memphis, TN, together with the sales & marketing, and servicing of home electronics based in Montvale, NJ. Leading products include Sharp Carousel®, Microwave Drawer™ Ovens, SuperSteam+™ ovens, and Plasmacluster® Ion air purifiers.
Comprehensive, family-friendly healthcare plans (medical, dental, vision).
401k retirement plan with a competitive match and plenty of financial support tools.
Employee Assistance Plan to care for you and your family's mental and behavioral health, balance, and support. Financial protection for you and your family (life insurance and disability insurance)
Training, professional development, and mentorship
Full suite of voluntary insurance benefits for financial planning (auto, home, ID protection and legal)
Dynamic culture eager t