Maintain timely communications via email, teams chat, or phone when working at the office, and especially when working remotely.
Ability to work on multiple deliverables and projects at the same time without sacrificing quality.
Keep all project data and timesheet information up to date in the Project Management software.
Job Qualifications
A portfolio displaying a solid understanding of design and typography across a range of different media
Extensive hands-on knowledge of graphic design, print design/layout, web design, and development
An understanding and appreciation of the importance of branding
Full proficiency in Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign
Working knowledge of generative AI design tools
Strong skills in PowerPoint/Keynote presentation design and understanding of how templates work.
Strong communication and stakeholder management skills
Experienced working within a larger creative team and collaborating with multidisciplinary teams
A creative portfolio of relevant work that demonstrates the range, experience, and flexibility
Manage all projects in the current PM software, making sure it is always up-to-date and correct
Follows current Encore Creative Production Process
Work is performed primarily in an office environment. Working times may include irregular hours and on-call status including days, evenings, weekends, and holidays. Team members must adhere to appearance guidelines as defined by Encore based in an office environment and when traveling, on an individual venue or a representation of venues in that city or area.
The above information on this description is not necessarily an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, skills, efforts, requirements or working conditions associated with the job. While this is intended to be an accurate reflection of the current job, management reserves the right to revise the job or to require that other or different tasks be performed as assigned.
The compensation offered for this role is determined based on the qualifications outlined in the job posting for the specified location. Final compensation is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant work experience, or particular skills and expertise. In addition, some positions may be eligible for other compensation such as potential overtime, bonuses or incentives.
Encore is committed to providing the best benefits options for our employees and families. Click here to view the benefits options for our employees worldwide.
We pride ourselves on cultivating a welcoming culture where every individual is celebrated for their unique strengths and differences. Click here to view details on our commitment to inclusivity and belonging.
Design, Art/Creative, and Information Technology
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Encore by 2x
Sign in to set job alerts for “Visual Designer” roles.
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
-
-
-
Apparel Graphics Designer II, Quick-to-Market
Apparel Graphics Designer II, Quick-to-Market
Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.
Sign in to see who you already know at Encore
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .