BOM & Configurator Management - Develop, maintain, and troubleshoot Bills of Materials (BOMs) and product configurator tools to support accurate product definition, quoting, and manufacturing execution.
Application Engineering Support - Support product selection, system design, and technical application of lightning and surge protection solutions based on customer and project requirements.
Product Validation - Develop electrical test plans for product validation and qualification of electrical and surge protection products to ensure compliance with design specifications and industry standards. Support certification testing with internal laboratories and third-party agencies.
Product Definition & CAD Support - Create and maintain 3D models, drawings, and system layouts supporting product design, application engineering, and customer-specific solutions.
Cross-Functional Collaboration - Partner with commercial teams, customers, suppliers and operations to ensure product designs are manufacturable, scalable, and aligned with market requirements.
Software/Tools - Experience with electrical design and drafting tools such as AutoCAD, SolidWorks, Altium or equivalent platforms. Demonstrated use of AI-enabled tools to improve productivity and documentation is preferred.
Problem Solving - Strong problem-solving skills with experience in using Root Cause Analysis tools.
Compliance - Familiarity with industry standards including UL, IEC, IEEE, NEMA, and NEC preferred.
Project Management - Ability to lead and manage multiple cross-functional projects using a collaborative approach.
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering or a related engineering discipline, or equivalent combination of education and relevant experience.
5+ years of experience in electrical product design, product development, sustaining engineering, or related engineering roles.
Knowledge of power management systems including low voltage power distribution, grounding, electrical protection systems, or related applications.
Ability to travel in US and International, up to 10%.
May occasionally require lifting, pulling, and carrying up to twenty-five (25) pounds
Frequent sitting, standing, occasional bending, climbing, pulling, pushing, and reaching overhead.
DEHN Inc. reserves the right to revise, change or modify the duties and responsibilities of this position at any time to meet business needs, with or without notice. This job description may not list all duties for this position. This job description is not a contract of employment, and all employment unless otherwise disclosed is “at will” and either the incumbent or the company may terminate employment at any time for any reason.
DEHN Inc. is an equal opportunity, inclusive employer and will consider all applicants for employment with the Company based on merit, competence, and qualifications without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law.
Appliances, Electrical, and Electronics Manufacturing
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at DEHN Americas by 2x
Sign in to set job alerts for “Product Design Engineer” roles.
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
Power Electronics / Electrical Systems Engineer
Power Electronics / Electrical Systems Engineer
30202345 - Electrical Design Engineer - Charlotte
30202345 - Electrical Design Engineer - Charlotte
-
Electrical Integration Design Engineer II (Onsite)
Electrical Integration Design Engineer II (Onsite)
Power Transformer Internal connection (Cleats & Leads) Design Engineer
Power Transformer Internal connection (Cleats & Leads) Design Engineer
-
Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.
Sign in to see who you already know at DEHN Americas
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agr