We’re an in office team in NYC with builders who operate like high speed reinforcement learners. We obsess over our customers, move at a high velocity, are not afraid of failure, and look to maximize our real-world impact.
If you want to build the products and systems for how billions of conversations in the real world are captured and indexed, Rilla is the place to do it.
The Role
At Rilla, you’ll be at the forefront of bringing AI to the physical world. You will evolve our core product while spearheading new verticals across desktop and mobile platforms. You’ll tackle ambiguous, greenfield challenges as we expand into new workflows, users, and markets, working alongside customers from day one to uncover real-world problems.
There are no PMs here: you and your engineering peers will lead projects from discovery all the way through feature design and implementation. You’ll onboard customers to early prototypes, gather feedback, and iterate rapidly to build what truly matters.
As one of three designers, you’ll play a pivotal role in defining Rilla’s design culture and shaping how our teams collaborate. We’re looking for designers who are obsessive about quality, shipping speed, and impact. Designers who aspire to be founders or leaders in working with AI, especially for industries that are underserved. If you’re eager to learn, grow, and make a difference with the best peers in the industry, Rilla is the place for you.
An infinite learner. Someone who is relentless in their curiosity.
A customer obsessive. Someone who deeply care about delighting customers and solving real pains, not vanity metrics.
A winning attitude. You thrive with extreme accountability, learning as a team, and both giving and receiving rapid feedback.
Extreme empathy. Our customers are not tech companies. They live and work in the real world. Empathy is critical to arriving at correct solutions.
Unafraid of failure. You take risks. You see failure as an opportunity to learn, grow, and be better the next time. In a weird way, you trick your brain into being excited when you fail, because it means you got a new opportunity to learn more.
Demonstrate deep drive and genuine passion for your craft.
Embrace a customer-centric approach, eager to engage directly with users to ensure our solutions truly address their needs.
Champion the quality and craftsmanship of every experience — prioritizing thoughtful design, intuitive interactions, and making learning and using our product both easy and delightful.
Be energized by the opportunity to join an early stage team, helping to shape the product culture as one of the first designers at a high-growth startup.
Thrive in a fast-paced environment where you ship product insanely fast so you can learn from customers.
Nice to have: Experience with production-level coding in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, or front-end frameworks like React and Tailwind, and a willingness to continue learning.
Please don't join if you're not excited about:
Building an AI product for an industry untouched by modern software
Constantly talking to and visiting customers in the field
Working ~60 hrs/week in person with some of the most ambitious people in NYC
Attempting to build a generational company, and the intensity required to do so
Pushing the boundaries in the overall visual and interactive experience of what traditional B2B SaaS software means. We approach our product with the mindset of a premium consumer platform, expecting the same level of craft, delight, and innovation in every aspect of design.
The estimated salary range for this position is $181,000 - $234,000/year.
Successful candidates with competing offers will receive matching and competitive offers.
Total compensation for this position may also include Incentive Stock Options and other potential future incentives. This estimate excludes the value of any benefits offered; and the potential future value of any long-term incentives.
Our benefits aim to empower Rilla employees in removing