Ensure WCAG 2.2 / Section 508 accessibility compliance for operational environments
Ensure product quality and timeliness, provide periodic performance reports
Mentor junior team members as experience grows
Required Qualifications
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Interactive Design, HCI, UX/UI Design, or related field with 3-5 years of related UX/UI design experience in complex technical, government, or defense domains
Figma mastery: Design systems, component libraries, prototyping, auto-layout, variants
Design systems: Experience building and maintaining scalable systems from scratch
Prototyping: High-fidelity interactive prototypes for user testing
User research methods: Interviews, cognitive task analysis, persona development, workflow mapping
Usability testing: A/B testing, rapid iteration cycles, feedback analysis
Experience communicating designs with stakeholders including product owners, end users, development teams, and management
Understanding of trade-offs between designs, technical feasibility, and maintenance
Front-end fundamentals: HTML/CSS/JavaScript to collaborate effectively with developers
Basic back-end understanding: Ability to discuss APIs, data flows, and system architecture
Accessibility: WCAG 2.2 / Section 508 compliance and designing for diverse user needs
Desired Qualifications
Experience designing for military, defense, intelligence, or high-consequence domains
Mission-critical UI design experience in high-stakes environments
Dashboard design for complex data visualization and monitoring interfaces
Geospatial interfaces with map-based tools and spatial data visualization
At CACI, we place character and innovation at the center of everything we do. As a valued team member, you’ll be part of a high-performing group dedicated to our customer’s missions and driven by a higher purpose – to ensure the safety of our nation.
CACI values the unique contributions that every employee brings to our company and our customers - every day. You’ll have the autonomy to take the time you need through a unique flexible time off benefit and have access to robust learning resources to make your ambitions a reality.
Together, we will advance our nation's most critical missions, build on our lengthy track record of business success, and find opportunities to break new ground — in your career and in our legacy.
There are a host of factors that can influence final salary including, but not limited to, geographic location, Federal Government contract labor categories and contract wage rates, relevant prior work experience, specific skills and competencies, education, and certifications. Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives. We offer competitive compensation, benefits and learning and development opportunities. Our broad and competitive mix of benefits options is designed to support and protect employees and their families. At CACI, you will receive comprehensive benefits such as; healthcare, wellness, financial, retirement, family support, continuing education, and time off benefits.
The Proposed Salary Range For This Position Is
CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic.
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at CACI International Inc by 2x
Sign in to set job alerts for “User Interface Designer” roles.
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
UI/UX Designer (Systems Application Analyst 2) 29548
UI/UX Designer (Systems Application Analyst 2) 29548
-
-
-
UX Designer, D3 (Design, Development & Delivery) Team
UX Designer, D3 (Design, Development & Delivery) Team
-
Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.