Build productive relationships across teams and contribute positively to a collaborative design culture.
Stay informed on industry trends, emerging technologies, and evolving user expectations to help inspire future product opportunities.
Qualifications & Experience…
2+ years of experience as a product designer creating digital experiences across web, mobile, or connected platforms.
Portfolio   demonstrating   strong UX and visual design skills, with examples of solving meaningful user and business problems.
Proficiency   in Figma and prototyping tools.
Strong understanding of user-centered design principles, interaction design, information architecture, and visual design fundamentals.
Experience designing within established design systems and applying brand standards consistently.
Familiarity with user research methods, usability testing, and iterative design practices.
Strong written, verbal, and presentation communication skills.
Ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional partners and incorporate feedback into design solutions.
Basic understanding of web and mobile technologies and platform capabilities.
Experience with collaboration and project management tools such as Jira and Confluence.
Bachelor's degree in Design , Human-Computer Interaction (HCI), or equivalent professional experience.
Experience working on subscription, consumer-facing, or media products is a plus.
This last bit is probably the most important! Here at WBD, our guiding principles are the core values by which we operate and are central to how we get things done. You can find them at www.wbd.com/guiding-principles/ along with some insights from the team on what they mean and how they show up in their day to day. We hope they resonate with you and look forward to discussing them during your interview.
Warner Bros. Discovery embraces the opportunity to build a workforce that reflects a wide array of perspectives, backgrounds and experiences. Being an equal opportunity employer means that we take seriously our responsibility to consider qualified candidates on the basis of merit, without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, mental or physical disability, and genetic information, marital status, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status or any other category protected by law.
If you’re a qualified candidate with a disability and you require adjustments or accommodations during the job application and/or recruitment process, please visit our accessibility page for instructions to submit your request.
In compliance with local law, we are disclosing the compensation, or a range thereof, for roles in locations where legally required. Actual salaries will vary based on several factors, including but not limited to external market data, internal equity, location, skill set, experience, and/or performance. Base pay is just one component of Warner Bros. Discovery’s total compensation package for employees. Pay Range: $83,993.00 - $155,987.00 salary per year. Other rewards may include annual bonuses, short- and long-term incentives, and program-specific awards. In addition, Warner Bros. Discovery provides a variety of benefits to employees, including health insurance coverage, an employee wellness program, life and disability insurance, a retirement savings plan, paid holidays and sick time and vacation.
Design, Art/Creative, and Information Technology
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at CNN by 2x
Sign in to set job alerts for “Product Designer” roles.
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
-
-
Product Designer, (Consultant, Experience & Design)
Product Designer, (Consultant, Experience & Design)
Product Experience Designer (PXD), Senior Analyst
Product Experience Designer (PXD), Senior Analyst
-
Senior Product Designer & Product Manager (NY & DC)
Senior Product D