Responsible for prompt and regular attendance on-site or remote as appropriate or required.
2 years + experience with plastic part design, preference for automotive engineering.
Associates Degree or Bachelor’s Degree preferred, but not required.
Required Qualifications
Working knowledge of CAD programs – preferably NX.
Experience with plastics design and injection mold construction.
Ability to work collaboratively and maintain effective working relationships with co-workers, customers and visitors.
Excellent communication, interpersonal and customer service skills.
Ability to facilitate activities necessary to a project’s completion.
Must have history of impeccable integrity, ethics and fair play.
Ability to read, write, verbalize and comprehend instructions and correspondence at the highest levels in the English language. Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one and group situations to customers, clients, and other team members. Conflict resolution skills. Excellent interpersonal skills. Excellent verbal and customer service skills.
Manufacturing, Plastics Manufacturing, and Plastics and Rubber Product Manufacturing
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Midland-Marvel Recruiters, LLC by 2x
Get notified about new Product Design Engineer jobs in Newbern, TN .
Engineering Tools & Design Automation Engineer
Engineering Tools & Design Automation Engineer
Associate Engineer, Manufacturing Engineering
Associate Engineer, Manufacturing Engineering
-
Continuous Improvement Engineer, Cable Extrusion & Assembly
Continuous Improvement Engineer, Cable Extrusion & Assembly
-
Project Engineer/ Plant Engineer, Pipe & Fittings Manufacturer (Brownsville, TN)
Project Engineer/ Plant Engineer, Pipe & Fittings Manufacturer (Brownsville, TN)
Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.
Sign in to see who you already know at Midland-Marvel Recruiters, LLC
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .