Review resumes/design portfolios, and participate in interviews as instructed
Bachelor’s degree in related field, with 3+ years of product design experience
Experience contributing throughout the design process on shipped products
Basic Requirements/Qualifications
Ability to demonstrate successful design processes on shipped products, with clear examples of user research informing design decisions
Expertise in Figma with proficiency with project management and agile collaboration tools
Excellent reasoning and creative thinking skills
Ability to train and onboard colleagues on existing processes
Ability to communicate design decisions clearly to technical and non-technical stakeholders and synthesize diverse feedback into solutions
Working knowledge of baseball’s off-field rules and enthusiasm in contributing for the front office
Familiarity with how data flows through systems and how technical architecture affects user experience design
Current Los Angeles Dodgers employees should apply via the internal job board in UltiPro by following these prompts:
MENU > MYSELF > MY COMPANY > VIEW OPPORTUNITIES > select the position > CONSENT > APPLY NOW
LOS ANGELES DODGERS LLC is an equal opportunity employer.
LOS ANGELES DODGERS LLC is firmly committed to providing equal opportunity for all qualified applicants from every race, creed, and background. LOS ANGELES DODGERS LLC is also firmly committed to complying with all applicable laws and governmental regulations at the state and local levels which prohibit discrimination.
LOS ANGELES DODGERS LLC considers all applicants without regard to national origin, race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, disability, military status, citizenship status, pregnancy or related medical conditions, marital status, ancestry-ethnicity, or any other characteristic protected by applicable state or federal civil rights law. The Immigration Reform and Control Act requires that LOS ANGELES DODGERS LLC obtain documentation from every individual who is employed, which verifies their identity and authorizes their right to work in the United States.
LOS ANGELES DODGERS LLC is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, LOS ANGELES DODGERS LLC will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations for the hiring process. If reasonable accommodation is needed, please contact TalentRelations@ladodgers.com.
Design, Art/Creative, and Information Technology
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Los Angeles Dodgers by 2x
Get notified about new Product Designer jobs in Los Angeles, CA .
-
-
-
-
-
Product Designer, Amazon Music Product Design
Product Designer, Amazon Music Product Design
Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.
Sign in to see who you already know at Los Angeles Dodgers
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .