Develop advanced proficiency in mechanical design modeling and analysis by creating accurate CAD models that align with company standards and support critical engineering analyses such as Dimensional Variation Analysis and Finite Element Analysis.
Build a deep understanding of mechanical systems design to create innovative, robust solutions that meet customer requirements and perform effectively across all lifecycle stages and operating environments.
Demonstrate precision in developing mechanical design specifications by producing complete solid models, engineering bills of materials, and detailed drawings that clearly communicate manufacturing and inspection requirements.
Apply strong configuration and change management practices to maintain product integrity, manage engineering changes effectively, and ensure accurate product data throughout the product lifecycle.
Maintain a strong working knowledge of company, industry, national, and international standards to ensure compliance and design consistency.
Communicate clearly and effectively across functional teams to align stakeholders, support collaboration, and ensure technical information is understood by diverse audiences.
Exercise sound decision-making skills by evaluating information thoroughly and making timely decisions that support project progress and organizational goals.
Manage complexity by organizing, analyzing, and prioritizing large amounts of technical information to solve problems efficiently and drive successful design outcomes.
High school diploma, certificate of completion of secondary education or equivalent experience in an appropriate STEM field is required.
Regionally applicable certification or two-year associate’s degree from an accredited college or university in a relevant field of study may be required.
This position may require licensing for compliance with export controls or sanctions regulations.
Requires significant relevant work experience or specialized skills obtained through education, training or on-the-job experience.
This position is in CES ATA Design team and would focus on current product-related support activities.
This individual would have to work with global drafting group, CN planners, VPCR change managers and other engineering team members to get the work done.
Expectation is that this person is good with 3D CAD modelling including wiring/cabling modules, has good knowledge of drafting practices, GD&T and Windchill release process to own and execute VPCR work.
Basic understanding of DVA's/tolerance stack up would be added advantage.
At Cummins, we are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer dedicated to diversity in the workplace. Our policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified persons without regard to race, gender, color, disability, national origin, age, religion, union affiliation, sexual orientation, veteran status, citizenship, gender identity and/or expression, or other status protected by law. Cummins validates the right to work using E-Verify and will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization. Visit http://EEOC.gov to know your rights on workplace discrimination.
Design, Art/Creative, and Information Technology
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Cummins Inc. by 2x
Sign in to set job alerts for “Design Technician” roles.
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
2nd Shift Product Design Technician - Level II
2nd Shift Product Design Technician - Level II
-
CAD Designer, Equipment & Automation - 1st shift
CAD Designer, Equipment & Automation - 1st shift
-
Entry Level CAD Technician - Water/Wastewater
Entry Level CAD Technician - Water/Wastewater
-
Engineer II, Product Designer/Checking Analyst (Hybrid)
Engineer II, Product Designer/Checking Analys