Provide technical guidance to team members including Sourcing, Operations, Customer Service, and Marketing with respect to product-based education and decisions.
Collect product data via reports, manufacturing, assembly, and testing.
Maintain and control engineering design records for multiple products/projects.
Requirements
3+ years of experience with rotating equipment design and manufacturing.
Experience in solid modeling using Computer Aided Design is essential (Autodesk Inventor is preferred).
Proficiency in using and maintaining engineering data in an ERP system (SAP preferred).
Basic understanding of design and manufacturing principles, with preferred experience in machining, casting, fabrication, and rotating equipment design and analysis.
Must be a U.S. citizen. Government security clearances required.
Excellent analytical skills required with excellent communication and organizational skills.
Strong collaboration skills and demonstrated ability to work effectively across functions (operations, product management, sourcing, etc.).
Must be capable to work in a fast-paced, creative, results-oriented atmosphere.
PMP certification and/or other project management experience.
Familiarity with MIL specifications, NDT, and weld joint design is appreciated.
Experience with PLM tools (Windchill preferred).
Strong proficiency in thermodynamics and compressible flow is desirable.
Experience in acoustic and vibration analysis is desirable.
Travel & Work Arrangements/Requirements
At Ingersoll Rand, we embrace a culture of personal ownership — taking responsibility for our company, our communities, and our environment, as well as our individual health and well-being. Our comprehensive benefits package is designed to empower you with the tools and support necessary to take charge of your health, ensuring that together, we can continue to make life better. Our range of benefits includes health care options like medical and prescription plans, dental and vision coverage, as well as wellness programs. Additionally, we provide life insurance, a robust 401(k) plan, paid time off, and even an employee stock grant, among other offerings. These benefits are our commitment to you, so you can be your best at work and beyond.
Ingersoll Rand Inc. (NYSE:IR), driven by an entrepreneurial spirit and ownership mindset, is dedicated to helping make life better for our employees, customers and communities. Customers lean on us for our technology-driven excellence in mission-critical flow creation and industrial solutions across 40+ respected brands where our products and services excel in the most complex and harsh conditions. Our employees develop customers for life through their daily commitment to expertise, productivity and efficiency. For more information, visit www.IRCO.com.
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Ingersoll Rand by 2x
Get notified about new Product Design Engineer jobs in Charleroi, PA .
Lead Product Design Engineer - Medium Voltage
Lead Product Design Engineer - Medium Voltage
Staff Design Release Engineer, Human-Machine Interface & User Experience
Staff Design Release Engineer, Human-Machine Interface & User Experience
-
Mechanical Design Engineer - Hydro Power Projects
Mechanical Design Engineer - Hydro Power Projects
-
Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.
Sign in to see who you already know at Ingersoll Rand
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .