Higharc is seeking an accomplished UX Designer to join our growing Product org. In this role, you'll define and craft end-to-end experiences that simplify the complex—and make home design and construction more accessible, efficient, and human.
What You'll Do
You’ll work alongside a multidisciplinary team of engineers, architects, and 3D visualization experts to design tools that serve builders, buyers, and everyone involved in bringing homes to life. Your work will have a lasting, real-world impact and play a critical role in shaping the future of the homebuilding industry. Expect to:
Design End-to-End Experiences: Lead the UX and UI design of web-based tools across Higharc’s platform.
Simplify the Complex: Translate detailed workflows into clear, human-centered experiences.
Collaborate Cross-Functionally: Work closely with product managers and engineers to ensure cohesive product thinking. Partner closely with homebuilders, suppliers, contractors, and buyers to understand their needs and pain points.
Own Design Process: Develop user flows, journey maps, wireframes, prototypes, and high-fidelity visuals to articulate design intent.
Influence Product Strategy: Bring a strong, user-focused design perspective to product decisions.
Validate with Data: Leverage both qualitative and quantitative user insights to inform and iterate on designs.
Champion Design Systems:Contribute to and evolve our design system to ensure consistency and scalability.
About You
You’re a product-minded designer who thrives on solving complex problems and crafting user-centered solutions. You’re passionate about improving how people design and live in their homes—and energized by the opportunity to make a meaningful dent in an outdated industry.
7+ years of experience designing web-based software
A track record of shipping high-quality, thoughtful product experiences in complex domains
A strong portfolio that showcases your process, thinking, and ability to simplify complexity
Deep user empathy and a clear, confident communication style—especially when working with cross-functional teams
A systems-thinking mindset with the ability to balance detail with big-picture product vision
Experience in defining and delivering net-new experiences, not just iterating on existing patterns
Comfort articulating trade-offs, managing ambiguity, and driving toward clarity in fast-moving environments
A background or passion in architecture, construction tech, or home design
Familiarity with 3D tools or environments (e.g., Revit, Rhino, SketchUp, Unity, Three.js)
Experience contributing to or evolving a design system
Remote work and travel: Our company is entirely remote, and has been since we were founded in 2018. Remote work means more time with family, less time commuting, and the flexibility to blend work and life. We value in-person collaboration and asynchronous deep-work time, which is why we schedule regular team meet-ups in our hubs across the US and, depending on the role, prioritize hiring in those hubs. If your role requires frequent travel beyond pre-scheduled team meet ups, we will represent that to the best of our ability as early as possible in the interview process.
Compensation and benefits: Higharc offers competitive salaries with significant equity, in a fast-growing, well-funded company. We provide comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage, with flexible PTO, and meaningful maternity/paternity leave to all U.S based employees that are full-time. You'll also have access to other big-company benefits such like short and long-term disability plans and a 401K. We also provide a stipend to create the ideal home office and support ongoing L&D.
Please note: we are seeing an uptick of fraudulent recruiting activity claiming to be associated with Higharc. All communication and outreach from our in-house team will come from an @higharc.com email address.
Design, Art/Creative, and Information Technology
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Hi