Connect and Control Technologies: A leader in critical applications for the aerospace, defense and industrial markets, including harsh environment connectors and control components. Our leading brands include ITT Cannon, Enidine, Aerospace Controls and kSARIA.
Position Summary
ITT/BIW Connector Systems is among the most widely recognized and respected brands in the global harsh environment connector industry. As the Product Design Engineer, you’ll generate product concepts, tooling designs, drawings, and parts lists based on customer data and performance requirements. You’ll select the appropriate material applicability for the environmental constraints. You lead and ensure the progress of assigned projects; develop designs, data, specifications, processes, and reports throughout the product development process; and present at technical reviews. You will work closely with manufacturing, quality, and sales personnel to deliver cost effective solutions that will meet customers specifications for the given application. This position also provides engineering support to existing product lines, including product improvement and cost reduction programs.
Support project goals and tasks in collaboration with engineering leadership, finance, ME, quality, testing, program management, and production support functions.
Work seamlessly with other departments to develop prototypes and products that can be transitioned to production.
Perform design and analysis to meet internal and customer requirements.
Design tooling and fixtures as needed to produce designs consistently and economically.
Support resolution of technical problems in the lab or in the production line.
Support evaluation and resolution of escapes and field issues reported by customers.
Generate digital bills of material — including sub-assemblies, fasteners, tooling, and hardware — accurately based on design requirements.
Develop procedures for parts and systems, such as Acceptance Test Procedures, Qualification Test Procedures and Reports, Qualification by Analysis & Similarity Reports, etc.
Generate 3D models and 2D drawings of parts and assemblies using both ANSI and ASME Y14 geometric dimensioning & tolerancing and other best practices.
Initiate and support drawing changes (ECNs, impact assessments, material dispositions)
Support production with manufacturing issues, supplier issues, quality issues, etc. that affect the cable assembly drawings.
Prepare labor and material cost estimates for new assemblies. Identify non-recurring engineering (NRE) and equipment needs.
Support procurement in alternate component selections and alternate sourcing.
Interface directly with customer technical personnel to interpret design requirements.
This position requires visibility to export documents.
Position Requirements
B achelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering or equiv. technical degree
10+ years’ experience in Electro-Mechanical product design, preferably in connectors. Experience with 3D CAD software (Creo, Solidworks, NX, or similar)
ASME Y14.5 Dimensioning and Tolerancing, including GD&T
Ability to manage multiple tasks to drive results
A self-driven individual with strong problem-solving skills.
Able and willing to methodically share knowledge with other team members.
Working knowledge of Microsoft Office applications such as Excel, Word etc...
The ability to travel periodically (up to 10%)
Experience in electrical connectors and the Oil & Gas industry.
Experience in creating liquid tight enclosures and high voltage enclosures.
Knowledge in the use of high-performance thermoplastics, aluminums, copper alloys and the manufacturing requirements needed to utilize them.
Knowledge in MIL-DTL, Mil-STD and similar industry specifications and requirements.
Experience in Design for Six Sigma (DFSS), Design for Manufacturability (dfM), Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (FMEA), Design of Experiments (DOE), and Root Cause and Corrective Action (RCCA) principles.
Abil