Conduct UX reviews and usability testing to validate designs and improve user adoption.
Contribute to UX guidelines, design systems, and platform harmonization initiatives that improve consistency across applications, brands, and devices.
Qualifications
5+ years of experience designing user experiences for enterprise software or other complex digital products.
Bachelor's or Master's degree in User Experience Design, Human-Computer Interaction, Interaction Design, Psychology, Computer Science, or a related field (or equivalent experience).
Strong portfolio demonstrating user-centered design thinking, interaction design, information architecture, and end-to-end UX process.
Proficiency with Figma or similar UX design and prototyping tools.
Experience conducting user research, usability testing, and translating user insights into design solutions.
Excellent communication and presentation skills, with the ability to explain design decisions to technical and non-technical stakeholders.
Experience designing complex enterprise software workflows is strongly preferred.
Experience designing AI-assisted experiences, conversational interfaces, or enterprise AI workflows is a plus.
Familiarity with design systems and creating consistent experiences across multiple applications is preferred.
Comfortable using AI tools to accelerate research, ideation, documentation, and design exploration while following company AI policies.
In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at 3DS are based on merit, qualifications and abilities. 3DS is committed to a policy of non-discrimination and equal opportunity for all employees and qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or medical or common conditions related to pregnancy or childbirth), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, familial status, national origin, ancestry, age (40 and above), disability, veteran status, military service, application for military service, genetic information, receipt of free medical care, or any other characteristic protected under applicable law. 3DS will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities, in accordance with applicable law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with applicable state laws and local ordinances. We are committed to fair employment practices and will evaluate all candidates based on their qualifications, regardless of past arrest or conviction history.
Dassault Systèmes offers an excellent salary with potential for bonus, commensurate with experience. Benefits include a choice of plans providing comprehensive coverage for medical, dental, vision care for employee & dependents as well as employee life, short & long term disability, tuition reimbursement, immediate 401K enrollment, 401K match (50 cents on the dollar, up to the first 8% of your eligible compensation that you contribute based on match eligibility criteria), flexible time off policy, and 10 paid holidays.
Compensation for the role will be commensurate with experience. The total expected compensation range will be between $85000 and $125000, representing the base salary (or annualized salary based on estimated hourly compensation) and target bonus.
Design, Art/Creative, and Information Technology
Software Development, IT Services and IT Consulting, and Research Services
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Dassault Systèmes by 2x
Sign in to set job alerts for “User Experience Designer” roles.
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
-
-
Experience Design (XD) II, Product Design - Bank of America Experience Design
Experience Design (XD) II, Product Design - Bank of America Experience Design
-
-
Experience Design (XD) III, Product Design - Ba