You will collaborate closely with interior and exterior design studios, product planning, brand team software and ergonomic teams, engineering, and external suppliers throughout the full production development lifecycle. By leveraging hardware, software, and strategic partnerships, you will help create digital experiences that are meaningful, intuitive, and authentic to each brand—strengthening the relationship between our vehicles and our customers.
What You Will Do
As a UX Visual Designer at Stellantis, you will shape the visual identity and interaction of our in‑vehicle experiences across our 14 global brands. You’ll translate complex technical and user requirements into clear, visually engaging, and brand-aligned interactive prototypes. Working on production programs globally, you’ll bring a user‑centered, brand‑driven mindset to bridge advanced technology and meaningful customer experiences.
Job Responsibilities Include But Not Limited To
Design cutting‑edge, user‑friendly, and visually refined UI systems for conceptual vehicle interfaces and production programs
Develop UX style guides and design specifications to clearly communicate intent to developers, engineers, and external suppliers
Ensure information is easy to read, understand, and find, with strong attention to hierarchy, typography, color, and layout
Collaborate in a highly cross‑functional environment, presenting design concepts clearly and effectively
Balance creative vision with technical constraints of embedded automotive systems.
Manage multiple design projects simultaneously while maintaining quality and attention to detail
Advocate for a user‑centered design approach grounded in customer needs, safety, and brand expression
Basic Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in UX design, human-computer interaction (HCI), product design, graphic design or related UX degree is ideal
Previous professional work experience or internship, as a user experience designer, interaction designer, information architect, or similar UX-related role
Great communication skills and a history of teamwork and collaboration is a must
A passion and capacity to advocate on behalf of our users
Knowledge reviewing user research and data to build a strategic and user-friendly design Knowledge of design systems and component design
Expert with tools like AI, PS, XD, Sketch, Figma, Pen and Paper, Adobe Creative Suite, Alias
Portfolio and or online body of work must be submitted
Experience with embedded software and hardware systems
Animation/Motion design using After Effects or similar programs
Experience using AI as a tool and enabler for efficiency
From your very first day, you’ll have access to medical, dental, vision, and prescription drug coverage — ensuring you and your family stay healthy and protected. Also, our Employee Assistance Program (EAP) offers confidential support for personal and professional challenges, always ready when you need it.
We proudly support all paths to parenthood- including fertility and infertility treatments, adoption services, and gestational surrogacy.
We believe in work-life balance. That’s why we offer: 17+ paid holidays, including shut-down from December 24th through New Years Day every year. Vacation, float & wellbeing days, sick time and fully paid parental leave when your family needs you most.
An employer match on contributions to your 401k, Roth, and Catch-Up plans
An employer contribution, even if you don’t contribute
Benefit from both employer-provided and voluntary plan offerings, including life insurance, group accident, critical illness, etc. - supporting the needs of you and your family and ensuring peace of mind.
Eligible employees and their immediate families can participate in the company vehicle lease program, providing access to Stellantis vehicles with insurance, maintenance, and unlimited miles included. Plus, take advantage of exclusive discounts on Stellantis products.
We believe in investing in your future and your passions:
18 paid vol