The Link team builds the global, consumer network for next-generation commerce, using our base of 300M+ registered consumers to pioneer the future of Identity, Consumer Finance, and AI-driven transactions. While our foundation was built on high-conversion merchant payments and a flexible digital wallet, we are expanding far beyond. We are building the infrastructure for a world where AI agents transact on your behalf, stablecoins go mainstream, and identity dictates how money moves.
We think of Link as the wallet for the internet — and we're building for what's next.
What you’ll do
You'll work closely with your product and engineering partners and design teammates to craft the future of Link. You'll help us build the fastest, most convenient and powerful checkout experience. You'll explore new features and products that expand Link's reach and consumer value beyond checkout. And through close partnership with our brand team, you'll ensure Link's visual identity and end-to-end experience is unmistakably distinct and raises the bar for what a great consumer experience looks and feels like online.
Design delightful, high-quality consumer checkout experiences across mobile and desktop
Define and solve user problems by translating research insights and product goals into clear, well-crafted design solutions
Partner with engineering and product to design, build, and ship user-facing experiences at high quality
Collaborate with Brand Studio to maintain a cohesive visual identity across Link's surfaces
Contribute to Link's design system and help evolve patterns that scale across the product
Present and share your work regularly in design reviews, building a feedback loop with design and cross-functional partners
Who you are
We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum Requirements
4+ years relevant design experience at a consumer tech company
Strong craft across visual design, interaction design, and prototyping, demonstrated through a portfolio spanning desktop and mobile
Experience collaborating closely with engineering and product teams through the full product development cycle
Experience contributing to a design system—proposing, refining, or documenting reusable components and patterns
Preferred Qualifications
Strong independence and an ability to advocate for a larger design vision with cross-functional stakeholders
Ability to reduce complex problems down to the right balance of flexibility, power, and ease of use
Skilled in explaining your work, process, and decisions to cross-functional stakeholders and crave feedback to help you produce your best work
Office-assigned Stripes in most of our locations are currently expected to spend at least 50% of the time in a given month in their local office or with users. This expectation may vary depending on role, team and location. For example, Stripes in Stripe Delivery Center roles in Mexico City, Mexico, Bengaluru, India, and Dublin, Ireland work 100% from the office. Also, some teams have greater in-office attendance requirements, to appropriately support our users and workflows, which the hiring manager will discuss. This approach helps strike a balance between bringing people together for in-person collaboration and learning from each other, while supporting flexibility when possible.
The annual US base salary range for this role is $146,600 - $219,800. For sales roles, the range provided is the role’s On Target Earnings ("OTE") range, meaning that the range includes both the sales commissions/sales bonuses target and annual base salary for the role. This salary range may be inclusive of several career levels at Stripe and will be narrowed during the interview process based on a number of factors, including the candidate’s experience, qualifications, and location. Applicants interested in this role and who