We are seeking a Product Designer to join our Design Systems (Figma Pattern Library) team, dedicated to building and evolving shared patterns and components across Figma’s expanding suite of products. This role will focus on a consistent and approachable experience for Figma’s audience, regardless of the product they are using. As Figma continues to grow, a cohesive design system that spans multiple products is critical. We are looking for a designer with experience in multi-product environments who can work collaboratively across teams to develop, refine, and implement design systems that scale.
This is a full time role that can be held from one of our US hubs or remotely in the United States.
What you'll do at Figma:
Contribute to the overall strategy and decision-making regarding cross-product design systems.
Define and communicate a clear vision for shared design patterns that can be utilized across various products.
Collaborate with product management, engineering, and other design teams to ensure consistent implementation of design components.
Create, iterate, and refine design system components, including flows, prototypes, and high-fidelity visuals.
Drive the adoption and continuous improvement of the design system across the organization.
5+ years of experience as a Design Systems designer
Experience working independently and collaboratively to explore design solutions from concept to implementation.
Proven ability to create simple, scalable solutions for complex user experiences across multiple products.
Experience managing complex projects that involve collaboration across different teams and organizational boundaries.
Proficiency building concepts in code and using production quality concepts to communicate design decisions effectively.
While it’s not required, it’s an added plus if you also have:
A passion for creating inclusive, user-friendly designs that cater to a broad audience.
Experience mentoring junior or early-career designers.
Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location.
Figma offers equity to employees, as well as a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental, and vision coverage; retirement benefits with company contributions; parental leave and reproductive or family planning support; mental health and wellness benefits; and paid time off. Figma provides paid sick leave, holidays, and other leave benefits in compliance with applicable federal, state, and local laws, including the requirements of the Washington Minimum Wage Act and related regulations. Exempt employees are eligible for employer‑provided paid flexible PTO in addition to flexible paid sick leave. PTO is subject to manager approval. Additional benefits may include company recharge days, cell phone and home internet reimbursements, and a number of lifestyle spending accounts. Figma also offers sales incentive compensation for most sales roles and an annual bonus plan for eligible non-sales roles. All compensation and benefits are subject to applicable plan terms and may be modified by Figma at any time, consistent with applicable law.
At Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity/expression, veteran status , or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to e