By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location from the following: New York, NY, USA; San Bruno, CA, USA . Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.
1 year of interaction design experience in product design or UX Design.
Include a portfolio, website, or any other relevant link to your work in your resume (providing a viewable link or access instructions).
Preferred qualifications:
1 year of experience leading design projects.
Experience partnering with UXR to amplify research and bring impact to the product.
Experience working with creators or in a creator tooling area.
Expert with Figma to produce wireframes, high fidelity mockups and prototypes.
Strong communication and presentation skills, with a clear understanding of how to best position and present design work to a range of audiences.
At Google, we "Focus on the user and all else will follow." Our Interaction Designers transform complex tasks into intuitive, easy-to-use experiences for billions of people. From creating user flows and wireframes to building mockups and prototypes, you will envision and bring product experiences to life with an inspired, refined, and magical feel. You will join our multi-disciplinary UX team, collaborating with Engineering and Product Management, leveraging user insights to create industry-leading products.
As an Interaction Designer, you'll apply user-centered design methods to craft industry-leading user experiences from concept to execution, working with design partners to evolve the Google design language to build beautiful, innovative products.
YouTube’s Language team is a passionate and powerful cross-functional team on a mission to make every video available to any viewer on YouTube. We drive experiences from the creator uploading experience in the studio through the YouTube watch experience across devices. This requires a delicate balance of technical issues, business needs and user journeys for the largest video platform in the world.
At YouTube, we believe that everyone deserves to have a voice, and that the world is a better place when we listen, share, and build community through our stories. We work together to give everyone the power to share their story, explore what they love, and connect with one another in the process. Working at the intersection of cutting-edge technology and boundless creativity, we move at the speed of culture with a shared goal to show people the world. We explore new ideas, solve real problems, and have fun — and we do it all together.Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $109000 - $155000 (USD) + 15% bonus target + equity + benefits
Partner with cross-functional partners to help define our product goal and design features.
Think strategically while executing with great attention to detail and constraints.
Apply awareness and understanding of how broader sensitivities and context may impact our design decisions and direction.
Strive to be an excellent communicator and partner with your cross-functional peers.
Ask key questions and offer a range of solutions at opportune moments.
Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form .
Information Services and Techn