[2027] Associate Product Designer, Early Career
Join to apply for the [2027] Associate Product Designer, Early Career role at Roblox
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
[2027] Associate Product Designer, Early Career
Join to apply for the [2027] Associate Product Designer, Early Career role at Roblox
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
Every day, tens of millions of people come to Roblox to explore, create, play, learn, and connect with friends in 3D immersive digital experiences– all created by our global community of developers and creators.
At Roblox, we’re building the tools and platform that empower our community to bring any experience that they can imagine to life. Our vision is to reimagine the way people come together, from anywhere in the world, and on any device. We’re on a mission to connect a billion people with optimism and civility, and looking for amazing talent to help us get there.
A career at Roblox means you’ll be working to shape the future of human interaction, solving unique technical challenges at scale, and helping to create safer, more civil shared experiences for everyone.
As an Associate Product Designer (APD), your journey begins with a 21-month rotational program designed to give you hands-on experience across our platform, with supportive mentorship. You’ll tackle complex, real-world design challenges with cross-functional partners across engineering and product management, creating meaningful products and features that directly impact millions of users every day.
Applications for this position will close on Friday, October 30th at 5 PM PST.
Conduct user research and usability testing to deeply understand user needs, behaviors, and motivations.
Apply learnings and best practices to design systems, prototyping tools, and accessibility to projects across our platform.
Advocate for our community of players and creators, solving user challenges while maintaining a high bar for quality and consistency throughout the design process.
Receive ongoing mentorship, feedback, and professional development opportunities for growth as a product designer.
Pursuing or an undergraduate/graduate degree in Design (i.e., UX/UI, Interaction, Motion, Graphics, Typography, Web, or Product) or a related field.
Proficient in design and prototyping tools, such as Figma and Adobe Creative Cloud.
Curious about people's behaviors, needs, and motivations, recognizing this as essential to the design process.
Aesthetically inclined, valuing the design of the world around you, from software and hardware to architecture and art.
Please note the Company may not be able to employ candidates who have United States work authorization related to certain U.S. visa categories, or support future H-1B sponsorship at this time. You may redact age, date of birth, and dates of attendance/graduation from your resume.
For roles that are based at our headquarters in San Mateo, CA: The starting base pay for this position is as shown below. The actual base pay is dependent upon a variety of job-related factors such as professional background, training, work experience, location, business needs and market demand. Therefore, in some circumstances, the actual salary could fall outside of this expected range. This pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. All full-time employees are also eligible for equity compensation and for benefits as described on this page .
Roles that are based in an office are onsite Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, with optional presence on Monday and Friday (unless otherwise noted).
Roblox provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected ve