The AI Innovation and Design team partners across Koch to improve digital tools, internal products, and employee and customer experiences. Our work blends UX design, prototyping, design systems, emerging technology, and practical experimentation to help teams move from idea to usable product experiences.
Location: This role can be located in Wichita, KS / Atlanta, GA / Plano, TX and requires an in office presence with flexibility.
This role is not eligible for VISA sponsorship
What You Will Do
Create intuitive, high-quality web and product designs that support business processes and user needs.
Apply design-system components, interaction patterns, accessibility considerations, and UX best practices to create consistent and scalable digital experiences.
Develop wireframes, user flows, prototypes, and design specifications that help product and engineering teams align before and during implementation.
Contribute to front-end development by understanding basic web structures, using AI-assisted tools to refine interface code, and collaborating with engineers on implementation details.
Translate business, user, and technical input into practical design solutions that balance usability, feasibility, speed, and quality.
Bring a resourceful, hands-on mindset to projects where the right answer may require rapid exploration, iteration, and learning.
Who You Are (Basic Qualifications)
Experience creating web, software, or product design artifacts (I.e. wireframes, high-fidelity mockups, prototypes, user flows, or design specifications).
Experience collaborating with product managers, engineers, business stakeholders, or cross-functional teams to design and deliver digital experiences.
Demonstrated knowledge of front-end development concepts (i.e. HTML, CSS, JavaScript, responsive layouts, components, or design-to-code handoff).
Experience using prototyping and AI tools to accelerate design exploration, interface development, and product iteration.
Experience designing enterprise software, internal tools, workflow applications, dashboards, portals, or B2B digital products.
Experience using or contributing to a design system, component library, or reusable UI pattern library.
Experience creating interactive prototypes that simulate realistic product behavior or front-end interactions.
Familiarity with modern front-end frameworks or libraries such as React, TypeScript, Tailwind, or component-based UI development.
An understanding of technical architecture of web applications, experience with AWS or other cloud services, experience with Git version control.
Experience partnering directly with engineers to improve design handoff, implementation quality, or front-end usability.
At Koch companies, we are entrepreneurs. This means we openly challenge the status quo, find new ways to create value and get rewarded for our individual contributions. Any compensation range provided for a role is an estimate determined by available market data. The actual amount may be higher or lower than the range provided considering each candidate's knowledge, skills, abilities, and geographic location. If you have questions, please speak to your recruiter about the flexibility and detail of our compensation philosophy.
All Koch companies value diversity of thought, perspectives, aptitudes, experiences, and backgrounds. We are Military Ready and Second Chance employers. Learn more about our hiring philosophy here.
Koch creates and innovates a wide spectrum of products and services that make life better. Our work spans a vast number of industries across the world, including engineered technology, refining, chemicals and polymers, pulp and paper, glass, electronics and many more. Headquartered in Wichita, Kansas, Koch employs about 120,000 employees across the globe.
At Koch, employees are empowered to do what they do best to make life better. Learn how our business philosophy helps employees unleash their potential while creating value for themselves and the compan