Lab37 Robotics, is a technology company focused on the development and deployment of robots designed specifically for direct-to-customer food production. Our mission is to revolutionize the food industry by creating innovative robotic solutions that enhance efficiency, quality, and customer satisfaction. We are passionate about pushing the boundaries of technology to deliver cutting-edge products that meet the evolving needs of our clients.
What You’ll Do
You’ll focus on our internal tools ecosystem for kitchen operations. Applications might include inventory tracking, recipe development, learning management systems, manager dashboards, performance metrics, robot user interfaces, and task scheduling. Translate complex user needs, business goals, and technical constraints into intuitive, high-quality, and scalable design solutions. Drive the design process from concept through launch, ensuring an optimal balance between user satisfaction, product performance, and engineering feasibility. You’ll build across multiple platforms and devices. Prototyping, testing, and iterating are part of our DNA and we expect that a successful candidate will have demonstrated experience using this process.
Build UI/UX for robotic systems: Design and refine user interfaces for on-robot displays, customer-facing applications, culinary brands, and internal operational tools, ensuring a cohesive and intuitive experience.
Conduct User Research: Plan and conduct qualitative and quantitative user research (e.g., interviews, usability testing) to gather deep user insights, validate design concepts, and ground the product roadmap in real-world user needs.
Create Design Artifacts: Produce high-fidelity mockups, including working mockups rapidly created with generative AI tools, prototypes, detailed user flows, and clear specifications that clearly communicate design rationale and direction to engineering teams.
Facilitate Cross-functional Execution and Collaboration: Partner closely with product managers, engineers, and users throughout the design lifecycle; proactively communicate trade-offs and drive consensus on design decisions.
Leverage AI to supercharge how we design, sell, and support: Explore, design, and implement AI-powered solutions for our customers as well as internal tools for our design team. Our goal is to leverage AI to scale our business and make smarter, faster decisions.
Maintain our design system: Contribute to, improve, and implement core components and patterns that support consistency across our products.
Comfortable in a startup/build environment — you'll be setting up systems, not just using them
A passion for food and helping restaurateurs succeed
Strong full-stack design skills; from interaction design to visual design to system thinking, and everything in between
A proven track record of building products from the ground up and working effectively with cross-functional partners
An ability to be a strategic partner by helping to understand the competitive environment and shape a vision for how our products will fit in the market.
A team player who is a proactive communicator, has no ego, and loves to collaborate with others.
Sound judgement that combines data with instinct to build the right thing and meet business objectives.
Demand for online food delivery is growing really fast! In the last 5 years, just in the US, the overall market has expanded 10X from $10B to $100B, and could expand to $500bn- $1T by 2030.
Changing the restaurant industry: You’ll be part of a team that helps restaurants succeed in online food delivery.
Collaborative environment: You will receive support and guidance from experienced colleagues and managers, helping you to learn, grow and achieve your goals, and you’ll work closely with other teams to ensure our customer’s success.
This role is based in our Los Angeles office. As a company driven by invention and continuous change - we are constantly reimagining our industries, building new products, and r