As a Product Development Engineer on our team, you will be responsible for the mechanical design, development, and quality of consumer electronic products. We are looking for candidates who thrive in a fast paced start-up like environment and want to invent the future. In the role, you will wear many hats in working on the system design down to quick turn prototypes, production manufacturing process, testing, and quality control. You will play a role in defining processes and methods to improve the productivity of the entire team. You will identify and initiate investigations of production technologies, prototype and test solutions for product features, and design and validate production designs that deliver an exceptional user experience.
You will work in a small PD team to create a new experience and work with the team at large to ensure a functional and beautiful product. To be successful you need to be highly motivated, understand how to solve problems and dive deep while delivering to the highest standards.
Demonstrate a strong working knowledge of mechanical systems, with expertise in systems integration of systems commonly found in consumer devices.
Integrate and design dynamic mechanisms, utilizing motors, solenoids, or other actuators.
Perform feature design to meet program objectives in performance, cost, size or other requirements.
Perform failure analysis and solution validation to solve hard problems
Provide cross-functional program integration support to ensure team success
Manage and analyze data relating to performance and quality specifications using statistical methods.
Travel (up to 15%) to support manufacturing activities overseas
Demonstrate hands-on passion for your work and a desire to take on new challenges
Support positive team interactions to achieve within a highly skilled and experienced team
Demonstrate an ability to integrate feedback and to respond quickly to changing contexts and work environments
Contribute to the hiring process to build teams
Mentor junior engineers in good product design practice
Demonstrate excellent verbal and written communication skills
Prepare and deliver updates to management as necessary
Basic Qualifications
3+ years of working in mechanical engineering or equivalent experience
Bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering or equivalent
Experience integrating component modules (I/O, Displays, Batteries, etc.)
Demonstrated experience in designing products for consumer, enterprise or industrial use.
This position will require international travel; ~15%.
Preferred Qualifications
Experience in consumer electronics or technology sector
Experience in product validation (Shock/Drop, cycle testing, environmental testing)
Experience designing for high volume manufacturing
Proven track record as an individual contributor or manager of engineering teams through the whole development cycle (concept to production)
Demonstrated leadership and mentorship skills
High tolerance for ambiguity and ability to turn broad program objectives into actionable design initiatives
Demonstrated ability to work cross functionally with all disciplines involved in specifying and engineering complex electronic products (for example, Industrial Design, Product Management, Electrical Engineering, Design Integrity, Tooling & Process Engineering, etc.)
Expertise in AI, and increasing your productivity or skills in engineering through its utilization.
Demonstrated experience in designing products for consumer, enterprise or industrial use.
Analytic problem-solving skills, including knowledge of Six Sigma, DOE or similar disciplines
Demonstrated knowledge of design specification, and validation using tolerance analysis and critical parameter management.
Demonstrated knowledge of manufacturing technologies, and design for manufacturability.
Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of protected veteran status, disability, or other legally protected status.
Los Angeles Count