Stay current on UX trends and emerging technologies and apply relevant practices to assigned work.
Use AI-assisted design and research tools to support discovery, synthesis, ideation, and iteration, while following established standards for craft, accessibility, and user trust.
Having the right qualifications is only a part of what it takes to be a successful employee. At Lennox International, we believe in following a set of behaviors and competencies to achieve your full potential. In this position, it is vital that you embody these core competencies:
User-Centered Mindset: You consider the user throughout the design process and translate research and feedback into clear, accessible, and well-crafted designs.
Problem Solving: You approach challenges with curiosity and critical thinking, balancing user needs, business goals, and technical constraints to create effective and practical solutions.
Collaboration & Communication: You work effectively across teams, communicate design rationale clearly, seek and incorporate feedback, and contribute to alignment on design solutions.
Ownership & Execution: You show pride in “getting the job done.” You follow through, deliver high-quality work, and you do it on time. Whether tackling a complex problem or refining small details, you are results-driven and committed to excellence.
3+ years of experience in UX and product design, with a portfolio showcasing user-centered design solutions across a range of digital experiences.
Proficiency in Figma and modern AI-enabled design workflows , including wireframing, prototyping, interaction design, high-fidelity design execution, and rapid concept exploration.
Strong visual design skills with a portfolio demonstrating proficiency in UI design, typography, visual hierarchy, layout, and component-based design.
Strong attention to detail and a commitment to producing polished, implementation-ready design work.
Demonstrated ability to independently complete well-defined UX assignments and contribute to moderately complex initiatives, with guidance on new or unfamiliar work.
Ability to work within defined requirements and practices while asking questions, incorporating feedback, and helping clarify design needs.
Experience applying qualitative and quantitative research insights to inform design decisions.
Ability to clearly communicate design rationale to designers, stakeholders, product managers, and engineers.
Experience collaborating with cross-functional teams, including product managers, engineers, researchers, and business stakeholders.
Experience leveraging AI-assisted tools to improve UX design and research workflows, including concept development, design iteration, research synthesis, prototyping, and content creation.
Experience working with established design systems and reusable components is a plus.
Working knowledge of accessibility and inclusive design principles.
A bachelor’s degree in Human-Computer Interaction, UX/UI Design, or a related field (or equivalent experience).
Compensation : This is a salaried exempt role. The starting salary range for this role and market is between $84,800-$111,300 annually. Factors that may affect starting salary include geography/market and the skills, education, experience, and other qualifications of the successful candidate. Employees in this role are also eligible for an annual bonus in accordance with the terms of the Company’s applicable plan. Employees in this role are not eligible for overtime.
Benefits : Subject to applicable eligibility requirements, the following benefits are offered for this role: tuition reimbursement; medical, dental, and vision insurance; prescription drug coverage; 401(k) retirement plan; short-term disability insurance; 8 weeks paid birthing leave; 2 weeks paid bonding leave; life and long-term disability insurance.
Depending on date of hire, and subject to applicable eligibility requirements, new employees in this role also receive up to: 12 days paid time off, 2 pai