By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
Current CVG employees, please click HERE to login and apply.
U.S. citizenship is required by law, regulation, and government contract for this position.
Position Summary
Design new wiper systems, control products, and components. Manage design projects from concept through production. Applies knowledge of product development and analysis to assist in meeting organizational objectives.
Prepare original/revised design layouts based on customer CAD data and specifications.
Prepare cost estimates for new or revised designs.
Manage design projects from concept through production.
Gather data from customer input or off-site visits to debug, modify, or correct prototype, pre-production/start-up, warranty problems, or product improvements.
Remain current on customer end need/use of product.
Develop, document, implement departmental procedures in accordance with IATF 16949 and ISO 14001 requirements.
Maintain current knowledge of sound engineering practices, manufacturing processes, FMVSS regulations, and SAE or other applicable standards.
Support and perform all major platform engineering analysis requirements (kinematic, electrical, environmental, etc. as required).
Complete design calculations using manual or computerized methods.
Apply knowledge of drafting techniques, engineering procedures, and CAD system to identify most effective methods, equipment, and processes.
Verify designs for design intent, specifications, and quality.
Provide technical product expertise to all internal/external relationships.
Travel Requirements: must be able to fulfill occasional travel, domestic & international, to other CVG facilities, customers, and vendors.
Required Qualifications
U.S. citizenship is required by law, regulation, and government contract for this position.
Education/Experience:Relevant Engineering or Engineering Technology Degree and 3-5+ years experience in related field or the equivalent in combined education/experience is preferred.
Additional courses or experience in CAD Design methods, FEA, Kinematics, simulation tools, and mechanisms desirable as appropriate to the position.
Knowledge of Creo (Pro/Engineer) or equivalent CAD software, personal computers, and Microsoft Office software.
Knowledge of manufacturing processes such as sheet metal stamping, die casting, injection molding, and assembly.
Proficient in Microsoft Office Products such as Teams, Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Project and Access
Activities assigned related to and in support of the Quality & Environmental Management Systems
Strategic thinker – mindful of overall company/corporate goals
Language Skills: Ability to read, analyze and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures, engineering drawings, government regulations, safety rules, operating, and maintenance instructions. Ability to write routine reports, correspondence, and procedure manuals. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of customers or associates of organization.
Mathematical Skills: Ability to perform mathematical / engineering calculations using concepts of advanced algebra, geometry, trigonometry, and statistics.
Reasoning Ability: Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form. Ability to think in mathematical or abstract terms, and to visualize three dimensional objects from two dimensional drawings.
Commercial Vehicle Group, Inc (CVG) is an equal employment opportunity employer such that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.
At