By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
About The Role
We’re seeking a Web Experience Visual Designer to elevate the Chime.com web experience. In this role, you’ll drive the visual vision and execution of user-centric design solutions that are informed by data and consumer insights, grounded in accessibility and web UX best practices, focused on performance journeys and aligned with brand integrity.
You’ll lead cross-functional design efforts and mentor designers and writers alike. You’ll work closely with marketing, product, content, and engineering to shape intuitive, engaging, and high-performing web journeys that meet both user and business goals.
The base salary offered for this role and level of experience will begin at $116,000.00 and up to $160,000.00. Full-time employees are also eligible for a bonus, competitive equity package, and benefits. The actual base salary offered may be higher, depending on your location, skills, qualifications, and experience.
Lead Visual and Experience design for high-impact web projects, from concept to implementation—including responsive page design, navigation systems, conversion flows, and content frameworks.
Translate complex business and product requirements into user-friendly, accessible, and visually compelling experiences.
Collaborate cross-functionally with marketers, product managers, developers, brand strategists, and copywriters to shape cohesive, goal-oriented web experiences.
Drive the use of design systems and component libraries to ensure consistency and scalability across platforms.
Champion UX best practices and accessibility standards (WCAG/AA) across all web initiatives.
Guide and synthesize user research, usability testing, A/B testing, and performance metrics to inform design decisions.
Mentor junior designers and content specialists, helping evolve the team’s craft and strategic thinking.
Contribute to the development and evolution of UX/UI standards, design principles, and collaborative processes.
Stay current on web trends, design tools, and industry innovations to continuously push creative and technical boundaries.
5+ years of experience in visual or product design, with a focus on web and responsive platforms, preferably with a B2C/D2C services company.
Strong portfolio showcasing thoughtful interaction design, visual design, and end-to-end user flows.
Expertise in Figma and proficiency with design systems, component libraries, and modern collaboration tools.
Deep understanding of UX methodologies, content strategy, accessibility (WCAG/AA), and human-centered design.
Experience in developing multi-media, dynamic, and engaging web experiences
Excellent communication and storytelling skills to articulate design decisions across levels and disciplines.
Experience working in agile, cross-functional teams with iterative design and development cycles.
Highly proactive, self-directed, and comfortable managing multiple projects in a fast-paced environment.
Understanding and familiarity of leading relevant AI tools.
At Chime, we believe that everyone can achieve financial progress. We created Chime—a financial technology company, not a bank*—on the premise that core banking services should be helpful, easy, and free. Through our user-friendly tools and intuitive platforms, we empower our members to take control of their finances and work towards their goals. Whether it's starting a savings account, purchasing a first car or home, launching a business, or pursuing higher education, we're proud to have helped millions unlock their financial potential.
We're a team of problem solvers, dreamers, and builders with one shared obsession: our members. From day one, Chimers have worked tirelessly to out-hustle and out-execute competitors to bring our mission to life. Their grit and de