By staying at the forefront of emerging technologies and market trends, we ensure our creations are in sync with the demands of modern consumers. From hardware to software, our dedication to optimization and performance excellence sets us apart.
What you'll do
As a Product Designer, you will play a key role in all stages of the product development process, from initial concept to final delivery to customers. You will work closely with cross-functional teams, from hardware to software, using the latest technology and design thinking to craft solutions that solve complex problems. Your work will directly shape how the world's leading industries manage and maintain their most critical processes.
Requirements
Bachelor's degree in Design, Product Design, Industrial Design, Graphic Design, Engineering, or a related field.
3+ years of experience as a Product Designer in software development companies.
Portfolio highlighting problem-solving projects and strong skills in interaction and visual design.
Experience communicating complex concepts and design ideas through sketches, mid- and high-fidelity prototypes.
Proficiency building advanced components and prototypes in Figma.
Proven ability to collaborate across multidisciplinary teams, including engineering, hardware, and product management, to iterate and drive feature development.
Experience managing multiple complex projects simultaneously.
Flexibility and adaptability in a dynamic, autonomous, and discussion-driven work environment.
Advanced level of English, for both communication and documentation.
Note: applications without a portfolio will not be considered.
Understand Customer Needs: Work closely with Product Managers to understand customer needs, and contribute to and communicate our product's vision and strategic direction.
Design Intuitive Solutions: Design solutions that solve complex interactions while offering intuitive, user-friendly interfaces.
Prototype in Figma: Build advanced prototypes using Figma to validate solutions.
Document Handoffs: Create handoff documents with interaction details and visual design specifications, and quality-check implementation against design intent.
Collaborate Cross-Functionally: Work collaboratively with cross-functional teams throughout every stage of the product development process.
Manage Multiple Projects: Handle multiple complex projects simultaneously, working under tight deadlines.
Wellhub Membership - Access a wide range of gyms and training programs.
Long-Term Benefit - After four years of service, earn a fully funded trip anywhere in the world.
Design, Art/Creative, and Information Technology
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at TRACTIAN by 2x
Get notified about new Product Designer jobs in Atlanta, GA .
Experience Designer (Visual and Product) - Senior Associate- Commercial Technology & Innovation
Experience Designer (Visual and Product) - Senior Associate- Commercial Technology & Innovation
-
Experience Designer (Visual and Product) - Manager- Commercial Technology & Innovation
Experience Designer (Visual and Product) - Manager- Commercial Technology & Innovation
Lead Product Designer – Tax Product Development
Lead Product Designer – Tax Product Development
Senior Product Designer – Tax Product Development
Senior Product Designer – Tax Product Development
Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.
Sign in to see who you already know at TRACTIAN
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .