Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location from the following: New York, NY, USA; Kirkland, WA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; San Jose, CA, USA . Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Design (e.g., interaction, graphic, visual communications, product, industrial), Human-Computer Interaction (HCI), Computer Science, or a related field, or equivalent practical experience.
4 years of experience in product design or UX.
Experience with industry-standard design and prototyping tools (e.g., Figma, AI tools, Design systems), supported by an online portfolio showcasing user-centered design work and product thinking.
Preferred qualifications:
Master's degree in Design, HCI, Computer Science, or a related field.
Experience designing across multiple platforms and modalities (e.g., web, iOS, Android).
Experience with visual design, motion design, or developing scalable design systems.
Experience navigating regulatory requirements, data privacy landscapes, or compliance-driven design frameworks.
At Google, we "Focus on the user and all else will follow." Our Interaction Designers transform complex tasks into intuitive, easy-to-use experiences for billions of people. From creating user flows and wireframes to building mockups and prototypes, you will envision and bring product experiences to life with an inspired, refined, and magical feel. You will join our multi-disciplinary UX team, collaborating with Engineering and Product Management, leveraging user insights to create industry-leading products.
As an Interaction Designer, you'll apply user-centered design methods to craft industry-leading user experiences from concept to execution, working with design partners to evolve the Google design language to build beautiful, innovative products.
The Trust UX team, part of the larger Core Experience organisation, is responsible for building durable, cross-Google solutions that enable products to easily provide coherent, compliant, and age-appropriate experiences that empower users to make meaningful and informed choices about their data. This means understanding user needs around age-appropriate experiences, data privacy, and data sharing, and influencing teams across Google based on this expertise. The team responds to regulatory-driven efforts, including those concerning AI, and helps scale consent, transparency, controls, and age-assurance experiences by developing frameworks and practices that earn user trust and make it easy to get the best from the Google ecosystem.
As a designer on the Trust UX team, you will focus on the execution of Google's global trust strategies. You will design solutions for complex identity, privacy, and age assurance issues—spanning scalable consent, transparency, user controls, and age assurance. You will require navigating technical, legal, and organizational factors to deliver traditional, and AI-driven design solutions.
The Core team builds the technical foundation behind Google’s flagship products. We are owners and advocates for the underlying design elements, developer platforms, product components, and infrastructure at Google. These are the essential building blocks for excellent, safe, and coherent experiences for our users and drive the pace of innovation for every developer. We look across Google’s products to build central solutions, break down technical barriers and strengthen existing systems. As the Core team, we have a mandate and a unique opportunity to impact important technical decisions across the company.Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $132000 - $189000 (USD) + 15% bonus target + equity + benefits
Design and execute user experiences for projects within the Trust portfolio, from ideation to launch.
Create a wide range of design artifacts including briefs, wireframes, user flows, mockups, interactive prototypes, presentations, and QA docu