By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
Join to save UX Engineer, Gemini Notebook at Google
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.
4 years of experience in front-end development, technical UX design, or prototyping.
Experience in application development in one or more platforms/areas (e.g., web, iOS, Android, [Spell out CompDes], XR).
Preferred qualifications:
5 years of experience developing responsive, adaptive, and performant websites and applications.
Experience in client and server development of web applications, and working within large-scale web production environments.
Experience bringing products and features from zero to one, including building highly polished user interfaces.
Experience building agentic features and leveraging AI within the engineering workflow.
At Google, we "Focus on the user and all else will follow." Our UX Engineers are versatile, passionate, and driven to advance the vision for our design teams. Comfortable working across discipline lines, you will develop products and prototypes that bring innovative ideas to life.
Joining a multi-disciplinary UX team, you will collaborate with Engineering and Product Management, using user insights to create industry-leading products. In a fast-paced environment, you will use your creativity, analytical skills, and knowledge of user-facing technologies to: create prototypes that define product experiences; launch innovative features; build tools to accelerate UX teams; and bridge design and engineering to ensure efficient, high-quality execution.
Gemini Notebook is a tool for understanding the information that matters most to you, allowing you to create things that help others understand. As one of our fastest-growing products, we serve passionate users around the world. In this role, you will help us carry this momentum, scale the product, and reimagine what Gemini Notebook can be. You will help us shape the future of human-AI interactions.
A conversational AI tool that enables users to collaborate with generative AI and help augment their imagination, expand their curiosity, and enhance their productivity. Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $132000 - $189000 (USD) + 15% bonus target + equity + benefits
Prototype and build features end-to-end, continually rethinking the product's core value proposition as AI technology evolves.
Balance model capabilities with user focus, acting as a super-user advocate to bring exceptional design aesthetics and product taste to the user experience.
Engage in the continual transformation of the engineering workflow by leveraging AI and a fleet of builder agents to enhance productivity.
Drive engineering and product alignment autonomously in an evolving space, rallying the team through compelling communication and prototypes.
Collaborate cross-functionally to bring products and features from zero to one, ensuring the delivery of polished, high-quality user interfaces.
Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form .
Information Services and Technology, Information and Internet
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Google by 2x
Get notified ab