By tapping into the full Amazon canvas — including Twitch, Prime Video, Alexa, Amazon.com, and more — we create digital and physical experiences that reach millions of customers across the ways they watch, shop, play, and engage.
We believe innovation happens when exceptional craft meets bold ideas, curiosity, and new technology.
Basic Qualifications
Experience in visual design expertise with ability to produce fresh, simple, elegant and exceedingly usable layouts and interactions and iconography
Knowledge of design principles (Typography, Composition, Scale, and Color Theory amongst other) and working knowledge of how those principles work together
Experience working with fast-moving, high-performance teams and driving innovative solutions tailored to unique business environments
Experience working on multi-team, cross-disciplinary projects
Ability to develop thoughtful visual solutions, design systems, and creative innovations that solve business problems, strengthen offerings, and elevate the quality of the work.
Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously while maintaining exceptional attention to detail and craft.
Preferred Qualifications
Knowledge of Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Flash, and other design tools at an advanced level
Knowledge of presentations and whiteboarding skills with a high degree of comfort speaking with internal and external executives, IT management, and developers
Have an online portfolio demonstrating strong visual design skills and advertising experience across a range of media and platforms, along with work that reflects your design process
Advanced experience designing digital ads and experiences in Figma and as well as building them in Webflow.
Interest in producing motion graphics, animation, compositing, and light video editing.
Experience using generative AI tools as part of professional creative workflows (for example Claude Code, Seedance, Kling, Nano Banana, Flux , or similar models).
Demonstrated ability to build flexible visual systems that scale across campaigns and formats.
Excellent conceptual thinking paired with exceptional execution.
A desire to continually raise the creative bar through craftsmanship, curiosity, and innovation.
Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of protected veteran status, disability, or other legally protected status.
Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.
The base salary range for this position is listed below. Your Amazon package will include sign-on payments and restricted stock units (RSUs). Final compensation will be determined based on factors including experience, qualifications, and location. Amazon also offers comprehensive benefits including health insurance (medical, dental, vision, prescription, Basic Life & AD&D insurance and option for Supplemental life plans, EAP, Mental Health Support, Medical Advice Line, Flexible Spending Accounts, Adoption and Surrogacy Reimbursement coverage), 401(k) matching, paid time off, and parental leave. Learn more about our benefits at https://amazon.jobs/en/benefits.
USA, NY, New York - 84,900.00 - 148,500.00 USD annually
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Amazon by 2x
Sign in to set job alerts for “Brand Designer” roles.
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
-
-
-
-
-
Brand Designer, Strategic Initiatives - Instagram Brand Studio
Brand Designer, Strategic Initiatives - Instagram Brand Studio
-
Brand Designer, Foundations - Instagram Brand Studio
Brand D