Amazon Quick is building an AI-powered work companion for knowledge workers. The team sits within AI & Intelligence and operates with high velocity and short iteration cycles. The design team is small, collaborative, and opinionated. You will have real influence on product direction and work directly with engineering, science, and product leadership.
Basic Qualifications
3+ years of delivering design solutions as a UX designer or interaction designer experience
Have a portfolio demonstrating past work experience and deliverables (e.g., study plans, reports, personas)
Preferred Qualifications
Experience working with or evaluating AI systems
Experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems
Knowledge of mobile and web design patterns and accessibility standards
Ability to prototype in code (HTML/CSS/JS or similar)
Background in behavioral design, content strategy, or cognitive psychology
Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of protected veteran status, disability, or other legally protected status.
Los Angeles County applicants: Job duties for this position include: work safely and cooperatively with other employees, supervisors, and staff; adhere to standards of excellence despite stressful conditions; communicate effectively and respectfully with employees, supervisors, and staff to ensure exceptional customer service; and follow all federal, state, and local laws and Company policies. Criminal history may have a direct, adverse, and negative relationship with some of the material job duties of this position. These include the duties and responsibilities listed above, as well as the abilities to adhere to company policies, exercise sound judgment, effectively manage stress and work safely and respectfully with others, exhibit trustworthiness and professionalism, and safeguard business operations and the Company’s reputation. Pursuant to the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.
The base salary range for this position is listed below. Your Amazon package will include sign-on payments and restricted stock units (RSUs). Final compensation will be determined based on factors including experience, qualifications, and location. Amazon also offers comprehensive benefits including health insurance (medical, dental, vision, prescription, Basic Life & AD&D insurance and option for Supplemental life plans, EAP, Mental Health Support, Medical Advice Line, Flexible Spending Accounts, Adoption and Surrogacy Reimbursement coverage), 401(k) matching, paid time off, and parental leave. Learn more about our benefits at https://amazon.jobs/en/benefits.
USA, CA, Santa Clara - 135,500.00 - 184,000.00 USD annually
USA, NY, New York - 129,600.00 - 176,000.00 USD annually
USA, WA, Bellevue - 117,800.00 - 160,000.00 USD annually
Company - Amazon Development Center U.S., Inc.
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Amazon Web Services (AWS) by 2x
Get notified about new User Experience Designer jobs in Santa Clara, CA .
Product Designer, Amazon Music Product Design
Product Designer, Amazon Music Product Design
Product Designer, Amazon Music Product Design
Product Designer, Amazon Music Product Design
UX Designer, Alexa Enterprise and Emerging Design
UX Designer, Alexa Enterprise and Emerging Design
UX Designer, Device and Services Design Group - Emerging Design
UX Designer, Devi