This position is part of the Custom upstream and Product Enablement team located in Duncan, SC and will be an onsite role. At Cytiva, our vision is, to advance future therapeutics from discovery to delivery.
What You Will Do
Create and detail assembly drawings and associated bill-of-materials from sketches, existing drawings, electronic images, design concepts and/or verbal instructions using 2D/3D CAD modeling systems.
Work with commercial team members and other custom engineers to create and produce designs that capture all product requirements for either new or existing products.
Ensure all necessary documentation is complete to allow successful transfer to manufacturing and supply chain.
Provide quotation for the approved customized design and release products through the ECR/ECO process.
Check design work of other team members including layout, form, fit, function, materials, specification callouts, dimensioning and other outputs as requested.
Who You Are
Bachelor’s degree in engineering, a science-based discipline or a related technical field.
Minimum of 2 years of experience of relevant design experience and CAD tools
Excellent communications skills and demonstrated team coordination skills with proven ability to motivate and collaborate across diverse, multi-functional teams.
Demonstrated ability to manage complex projects, including conducting risk assessments and implementing contingency plans to complete projects on schedule.
Ability to understand issues and problems from a customer’s perspective, and to communicate these effectively to drive internal team priorities and actions.
Cytiva, a Danaher operating company, offers a broad array of comprehensive, competitive benefit programs that add value to our lives. Whether it’s a health care program or paid time off, our programs contribute to life beyond the job. Check out our benefits at Danaher Benefits Info.
This job is also eligible for bonus/incentive pay.
The salary range for this role is  $60,000   to  $75,000.  This is the range that we in good faith believe is the range of possible compensation for this role at the time of this posting. This range may be modified in the future.
This job is also eligible for bonus/incentive pay.
We offer comprehensive package of benefits including paid time off, medical/dental/vision insurance and 401(k) to eligible employees.
Note: No amount of pay is considered to be wages or compensation until such amount is earned, vested, and determinable. The amount and availability of any bonus, commission, benefits, or any other form of compensation and benefits that are allocable to a particular employee remains in the Company's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified at the Company’s sole discretion, consistent with the law.
Join our winning team today. Together, we’ll accelerate the real-life impact of tomorrow’s science and technology. We partner with customers across the globe to help them solve their most complex challenges, architecting solutions that bring the power of science to life.
Danaher Corporation and all Danaher Companies are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or other characteristics protected by law.
For candidates who are based outside of New York City or who are applying for roles outside of New York City, for more information about conditions of any job offer please click here.
We comply with federal and state disability laws and make reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact:1-202-419-7762 or applyassistance@danaher.com.
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Cytiva by 2x
Sign in to set job alerts for “Prod