By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
Job Description
ECS is seeking a UX/UI Analyst to lead User Interface and Experience requirements gathering, usability and functionality testing, and deployment activities for software and cloud-based applications. This position works for the US Postal Services' Inspector General's Office (OIG) at our Arlington, VA office.
Please Note: This position is contingent upon additional funding and requires a Public Trust background investigation. This entails an in-depth background check & either US Citizenship or Permanent Resident (Green Card) status.
Champion user-centric design principles throughout the organization.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure alignment with business goals and user needs.
Conduct comprehensive usability assessments using various methods (user testing, heuristic evaluation, etc.).
Identify pain points in existing software products and propose enhancements.
Leverage user data and analytics to inform design choices.
Translate insights into actionable recommendations for iterative improvements.
Create high-fidelity wireframes and prototypes that align with user expectations.
Define interaction patterns for seamless user journeys.
Mentor junior team members and provide guidance on best practices.
Collaborate with UI designers, developers, and product managers to deliver exceptional user experiences.
7 or more years in UI/UX analysis, with a track record of successful projects.
Advanced proficiency in usability testing, user research, and interaction design.
Expertise in industry-standard tools such as Sketch, Figma, or Adobe XD.
Solid understanding of front-end development technologies (HTML, CSS, JavaScript).
Excellent communication and presentation skills for stakeholder engagement.
Excellent communication skills - you have strong verbal and written interpersonal and communication skills, which are used to effectively interact with customers, collaborate with internal teams, and convey ideas and feedback
Analytical skills - part of the daily role includes analyzing data, feedback, and metrics to derive meaningful insights and make data-driven decisions
Customer service skills - you are experienced in placing the customer at the center of decision-making and continuously strive to exceed their expectations by staying on top of customer support and customer complaints, creating a powerful customer experience strategy
Problem-solving skills - you can identify and address customer issues, resolve conflicts, and find creative solutions to pain points
Adaptability - you can proactively respond to evolving customer needs, industry trends, and shifting business dynamics
Emotional intelligence - a high level of emotional intelligence enables you to navigate the emotions of both customers and team members, showing empathy when needed
Note: This position requires working onsite 4 days a week at out USPS customer site in Arlington, VA.
UX & UI project analysis and deployment experience in the federal government vertical
ECS Federal LLC is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis any characteristic protected by law. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to disability, status as a protected veteran or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, or local jurisdiction law.
Everforth ECS is the federal segment of Everforth , a $4B global organization with over 10,000 employees. Our nearly 3,500 professionals deliver advanced technology solutions in data and AI, cybersecurity, and enterprise transformation, serving defense, intelligence, and federal civilian agencies.
Our work powers mission-critical outcomes, strengthens technology partnerships, and creates meaningful o