Collaborate closely with cross-functional partners and key stakeholders on all aspects of product, design, and development
Advocate for user needs and balance them with business needs to make informed decisions that work for all
Who You Are
3+ years of relevant design experience at a tech, product-driven company, or a design agency
A portfolio that showcases thorough examples of B2B/enterprise products and tools
Experience in product, interaction, and visual design paired with a high bar of craft and taste
Experience executing design projects end-to-end
Strong communication and collaboration skills
Excellent presentation and storytelling abilities
Experience designing B2C/consumer-facing products
Additional expertise in one or more of these areas: accessibility, motion design, content design, user research, design system, front-end engineering, product management
Virtual “Onsite” consisting of a portfolio presentation, a design challenge, and a cross-functional 1:1 session
Marqeta is a Flex First company which allows you to choose your best working environment, whether that be from home or at a company office. To support Flex First, we calibrate pay to a competitive value according to working location. Compensation is aligned according to three tiers within the United States:
National: A baseline tier that applies to most of the geographic territory of the United States.
Premium: Slightly elevated from the National tier, and oriented toward a narrower set of higher cost-of-living areas, such as Los Angeles CA and Seattle WA
Premium Plus: A tier for the most expensive working areas, like the San Francisco Bay area and New York City.
Visit this page or consult with a Recruiter to determine which tier would be applicable to you.
When determining salaries, we consider several factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior experience, and work location. The new-hire base salary range for this position is:
We also believe in recognizing the contributions of our people. That's why we award annual bonuses to eligible employees, rewarding both individual performance and the success of the entire company.
Along with monetary compensation, Marqeta offers
Retirement savings program with company contribution and after tax contributions
Equity in a publicly-traded company and an Employee Stock Purchase Program
Family-forming benefits, fertility support, and up to 20 weeks of Parental Leave
Free therapy sessions, financial and professional coaching, and legal advice
Monthly stipend to support our remote work model
Annual “development dollars” to support our people growth and development
Through Flex First, the freedom to live and work wherever you and your family thrive
Marqeta is on a mission to change the way money moves. We’re one of the earliest enablers of embedded finance, a market opportunity sized up in the trillions. Our card issuing platform provides unprecedented flexibility and control for companies to issue cards, authorize transactions, and manage payment operations in real time. Marqeta is powering the most well known brands in the new economy (Block, Cash App, Affirm, Instacart, Doordash, Uber, Walmart, etc). You don’t need to be a Payments expert to join the Marqeta Team, let us help you with that. This is the opportunity of a lifetime to work with innovators around the world and unlock equitable financial access for all.
– Solve for the Customer: With a deep understanding of our customers' business and empathy for their needs, we deliver products and services that drive their success. Earning and keeping their trust guides everything we do.
– Do What's Right: Knowing businesses and livelihoods depend on us, we pursue solutions that disrupt responsibly and deliver high-quality results that our customers count on. We own our work from start to finish.
– Simplify and Innovate: We approach challenges with curiosity and take smart risks. Innovation comes from finding better, simpler ways to achieve extraordinary outcomes.