The expected annual salary range for this role is $71000 - $105000 a year.
Please note the salary information shown above is a general guideline only. Salaries are based upon candidate skills, experience, and qualifications, as well as market and business considerations.
What You’ll Do
Eaton is a growing, diverse company with many locations in the U.S. and around the globe. There is more information about Eaton at the end of this posting and you can follow this link to learn more about our vision and goals: http://www.eaton.com/us/en-us/company/about-us/vision-goals.html
The Fuel and Motion Control Systems Division of Eaton’s Aerospace Group, has an opening for an Associate Engineer in the New Product Development department in Jackson, MS. Our facility has approximately 500 employees and is a leader in the design, development, manufacture and delivery of Aerospace hydraulic components, systems and services to the global aftermarket and OEM markets. Our products provide power for aircraft flight controls, landing gear, brakes, steering, thrust reverse, utilities, and emergency systems.
Engineers in the New Product Development group work directly with engineering teams at top aircraft manufacturers such as Boeing, Airbus, General Dynamics, Textron (Bell), United Technologies, Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, Dassault, Blue Origin, and Embraer along with many more around the world. Every product is uniquely designed to meet customer specifications. We customize our existing products for new applications and are developing new ways to address changing market demands.
This video highlights some of the products we design and manufacture for aircraft: http://videos.eaton.com/detail/videos/aerospace/video/2404968155001/eaton-s-hydraulics-products-for-aerospace?autoStart=true
The New Product Development Associate Engineer will perform engineering assignments involving responsibility appropriate to experience level, including design and design analysis of complex products, analysis of engineering problems, the development of significant criteria to support design concepts. This is an entry level position in a team devoted to meeting customer demands by designing and certification testing hydraulic components for specific applications on various commercial and military aircraft. Products include electric motorpumps, engine driven pumps, hydraulic motors, hydraulic heat exchangers, and hydraulic reservoirs.
Establish an understanding of a variety of design and engineering calculations and tools, both standard and specific to Eaton products. This will be done through utilizing these calculations on projects, under the guidance of more senior engineers. This will include the use of standardized DFSS tools.
Assist more senior engineers in the preparation of test procedures and specifications in conjunction with engineering assignment. Advise laboratory personnel relative to equipment operation, test requirements and procedures, etc. Assist in the evaluation of test results to determine the adequacy of equipment design and/or determine if design modifications are needed.
Monitor and direct engineering service groups that are conducting tasks such as drafting or analysis.
Assist more senior engineers with preparing designs for component or subassemblies, standard products, or simple systems to develop criteria for determining design modifications. This would include driving cost reduction results through analysis and preparation of engineering change proposals, and evaluating and establishing root cause and corrective actions for unit non-conformances. Address problems/issues through root cause and corrective actions.
Prepare a variety of engineering drawings as required to determine the functional feasibility of design modifications. Develop specific design criteria for evaluating total design concept by more experience engineers. Prepare more simple layouts using Creo to check operational feasibility of requested changes, and to grow in kn