Participate in design reviews and workshops to gain feedback and improve skills.
Leverage AI tools and platforms as an integral part of daily responsibilities to enhance decision-making, streamline workflows, and drive data-informed outcomes.
Required Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree in a related field or equivalent work experience
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with user testing, design validation, or usability research
Familiarity with Claude or other AI-assisted productivity and design tools
Basic understanding of GitHub and version control workflows
Passion for creating intuitive, user-centered digital experiences
Willing to work additional or irregular hours as needed
Must work in accordance with applicable security policies and procedures to safeguard company and client information
Must be able to sit and view a computer screen for extended periods of time
WellSky is where independent thinking and collaboration come together to create an authentic culture. We thrive on innovation, inclusiveness, and cohesive perspectives. At WellSky you can make a difference.
Here are some of the exciting benefits full-time teammates are eligible to receive at WellSky:
Excellent medical with Rx, dental, and vision benefits
Generous paid time off, plus 13 paid holidays
WellSky provides equal employment opportunities to all people without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, religion, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, pregnancy, physical or mental disability, protected medical condition, genetic information, military service, veteran status, or any other status or characteristic protected by law. WellSky is proud to be a drug-free workplace.
Applicants for U.S.-based positions with WellSky must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Certain client-facing positions may be required to comply with applicable requirements, such as immunizations and occupational health mandates.
Data Privacy Notice for Job Applicants and Teammates
Design, Art/Creative, and Information Technology
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at WellSky by 2x
Get notified about new User Experience Designer jobs in Overland Park, KS .
AI Design Facilitator and Forward-Deployed Engineer II
AI Design Facilitator and Forward-Deployed Engineer II
Life Sciences Experience Design Strategy Manager
Life Sciences Experience Design Strategy Manager
Graphic Designer - Strategic Marketing and Communications
Graphic Designer - Strategic Marketing and Communications
Associate Designer – Transmission and Distribution
Associate Designer – Transmission and Distribution
IT Support Associate II, Ops Tech Solutions (OTS)
IT Support Associate II, Ops Tech Solutions (OTS)
Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.
Sign in to see who you already know at WellSky
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .