Oscar is the first health insurance company built around a full stack technology platform and a relentless focus on serving our members. We started Oscar in 2012 to create the kind of health insurance company we would want for ourselves—one that behaves like a doctor in the family.
About The Role
As a Product Designer for the Lucie Marketplace, you will design and ship the tools that help employers easily manage health plan contributions for their employees. The Lucie ecosystem spans our direct enrollment platform for brokers, the consumer marketplace, and ICHRA tooling. In this role, you will focus on shaping the ICHRA experience, contributing to the other areas as needed. Partnering closely with a Senior Product Designer in this space, you will collaborate cross-functionally with product managers, engineers, research, data and operational stakeholders to take features from discovery through delivery while driving a consistent, scalable, and intuitive experience across the entire Lucie suite.
The ideal candidate brings a strong visual design portfolio and a proven track record of designing complex enterprise software, data-intensive platforms, or workforce management tools. You can work autonomously across multiple technical domains from initial research through high-fidelity delivery, consistently balancing execution speed with deep user empathy. Additionally, you thrive in a modern workflow and are comfortable leveraging AI-assisted tools like Claude Code alongside Figma to streamline the design-to-engineering process.
You will report into the SVP, Product, Design, Data.
Work Location: This position is based in our Los Angeles office, requiring a hybrid work schedule with 3 days of in-office work per week. Thursdays are a required in-office day for team meetings and events, while your other two office days are flexible to suit your schedule.
Pay Transparency: The base pay for this role is: $$123,372.00 - $161,925.75 per year. You are also eligible for employee benefits, participation in Oscar's unlimited vacation program, company equity grants, and annual performance bonuses.
Define the experiences for Oscar’s users, enabling a wide array of use cases that all contribute towards providing exceptional care in support of Oscar’s mission to make a healthier life affordable and accessible to all
Become an expert on the product’s users and their journeys, advocating their needs and pain points to the larger org
Own the design process and partner closely with cross-functional peers like product managers, tech leads, engineers, data scientists and business stakeholders to drive clarity around strategy and alignment on solutions
Collaborate with other product designers across the organization with feedback during critiques and thoughtful contributions to the design team at large
Perform user research and usability testing with a clear focus on generating actionable insights to drive informed design decisions.
Design visually compelling experiences for all users and contribute to the Oscar design language system (Anatomy)
Bring the Oscar brand to life in our product experiences
Compliance with all applicable laws and regulations
Requirements
2+ concrete examples of designing and shipping complex web and mobile interfaces
Storytelling techniques such as animated prototypes or user flow diagrams
Interest in design ethics, accessibility, and other topics relevant to the healthcare space
Genuine and inquisitive, humble yet determined
Evidence of contribution to internal tools, system workflows, and power-user interfaces
Proven record of navigating technical constraints to deliver design solutions
Experience with user research and prototyping
Ability to translate requirements, goals, and research into simple and useful UI
This is an authentic Oscar Health job opportunity. Learn more about how you can safeguard yourself from recruitment fraud here.
At Oscar, being an Equal Opportunity Employer means more than upholding discrimination-free