The Devices & Services Experience Design (DxD) team leads user experience and industrial design innovation across Amazon's device portfolio — including Echo speakers, Echo Show smart displays, Fire TV, Fire Tablets, Kindle, Echo wearables like Buds and Frames, Alexa+, the Alexa app, and related smart home experiences. We work at the intersection of design, product, and engineering, creating meaningful hardware and software experiences that enhance customer lives. We believe in thinking big, storytelling, and crafting the "why" behind everything we ship.
Basic Qualifications
Experience working with stakeholders to plan and execute programs that are strategic in nature
Experience in delivering design solutions for projects of large scope and complexity
Experience developing solutions and executing plans on complex projects
Preferred Qualifications
Experience defining and maintaining design patterns and UX standards
Experience acquiring user data (e.g., conducting usability studies, performing user research) and creating personas and journey maps
Experience designing in an agile development environment
Experience in visual design expertise with ability to produce fresh, simple, elegant and exceedingly usable layouts and interactions and iconography
Experience with voice interface, natural language or multimodal design
Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of protected veteran status, disability, or other legally protected status.
Los Angeles County applicants: Job duties for this position include: work safely and cooperatively with other employees, supervisors, and staff; adhere to standards of excellence despite stressful conditions; communicate effectively and respectfully with employees, supervisors, and staff to ensure exceptional customer service; and follow all federal, state, and local laws and Company policies. Criminal history may have a direct, adverse, and negative relationship with some of the material job duties of this position. These include the duties and responsibilities listed above, as well as the abilities to adhere to company policies, exercise sound judgment, effectively manage stress and work safely and respectfully with others, exhibit trustworthiness and professionalism, and safeguard business operations and the Company’s reputation. Pursuant to the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.
The base salary range for this position is listed below. Your Amazon package will include sign-on payments and restricted stock units (RSUs). Final compensation will be determined based on factors including experience, qualifications, and location. Amazon also offers comprehensive benefits including health insurance (medical, dental, vision, prescription, Basic Life & AD&D insurance and option for Supplemental life plans, EAP, Mental Health Support, Medical Advice Line, Flexible Spending Accounts, Adoption and Surrogacy Reimbursement coverage), 401(k) matching, paid time off, and parental leave. Learn more about our benefits at https://amazon.jobs/en/benefits.
USA, CA, San Francisco - 129,600.00 - 176,000.00 USD annually
USA, CA, Sunnyvale - 129,600.00 - 176,000.00 USD annually
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Amazon by 2x
Sign in to set job alerts for “User Experience Designer” roles.
By c