Serves as the SME and champion of usability and user experience, and user-centered design, UCD to improve the user experience of all Golden 1’s digital properties.
Provides architectural deliverables, such as user task/journey flows, storyboards, prototypes, publishable interfaces, content, and style guides, etc. Drives IA and UX/UI-related business requirements in collaboration with business analysts, content strategists and digital analysts.
Provides guidance and solution options for complaints and suggestions received; generates proposals for IA and UX enhancements. Presents IA and UX design proposals to executives and pertinent lines of business.
Executes approved IA and UX design ideas through front-end programming in Sitecore to create, maintain and improve digital interfaces.
Informs the executive vision and decision-making towards the further, continuous evolution of the digital properties to achieve set business objectives. Captures and translates the executive leadership vision into concrete UX deliverables.
Keeps current with front-end development languages and frameworks such HTML, CSS, jQuery/JavaScript, Bootstrap, etc. Keeps current with emerging human-computer interaction (HCI) technologies and user experience methodologies.
Provides guidance and mentorship to junior designer(s) and other team members in the creation of wireframes, comps (banner ads, landing pages and other assets), copywriting for the web, and other deliverables, in support of marketing efforts.
Reviews all (third-party) research on feedback, usability and user personas, organizing data for easy reference whenever applicable, as well as for safekeeping within the Digital IA/UX & Product Management library.
Works with vendors to customize 3rd party solutions to meet Golden 1’s voice, branding and styling requirements.
PHYSICAL SKILLS, ABILITIES, AND EXERTION UTILIZED IN THE PERFORMANCE OF THESE TASK:
Effective oral and written communication skills required to evaluate staff, prepare, and present recommendations, perform analysis, and accomplish other managerial functions as required.
Must possess sufficient manual dexterity to skillfully operate an on-line computer terminal and other standard office equipment, such as financial calculators, personal computer, facsimile machine, and telephone.
EXTERNAL: Vendors, management, other financial institutions and other contact centers.
Qualifications
EDUCATION: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Human-Computer Interaction, Design, Management Information Systems and/or comparable experience. Master’s degree preferred. UX Certification (e.g., Nielsen UX Master) strongly preferred.
EXPERIENCE: Seven or more years of UI and UX design and development work.
KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS: Advanced working knowledge of Sitecore, or similar enterprise-grade CMS. Expert-level skills with front-end development languages such as HTML, CSS, jQuery/JavaScript, etc., frameworks such as Bootstrap, and use of industry-standard design and prototyping tools within Adobe CC, Microsoft, etc. Ability to understand and translate business and user requirements, as well as technical considerations into web copy, wireframes, comps and other deliverables. Proven record of effectively utilizing usability and web analytics concepts and methodologies. Superb interpersonal skills with demonstrated ability to work collaboratively with teams throughout the organization. Excellent written and oral communication skills with people of all technical levels and ability to interpret technical language into business language and vice versa. Demonstrated ability in utilizing Golden 1’s new and existing technologies, taking advantage of such to digitize processes for the team and LOBs. Ability to think strategically and make decisions in the best interest of the credit union.
Physical Requirements
Prolonged sitting throughout the workday with occasional mobility required.
Hearing within normal range. A device to enhance hearing will be provided if neede