By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.
4 years of visual design experience in product design or UX/UI design.
Experience in visual design tools including Photoshop, Illustration, etc.
Include a portfolio, website, or any other relevant link to your work in your resume (providing a viewable link or access instructions).
Preferred qualifications:
Master's degree in Design, Human-Computer Interaction, Computer Science, a related field, or equivalent practical experience.
2 years of experience working in a complex, cross-functional organization.
1 year of experience leading design projects.
Experience with 3D design and industry-standard animation formats (e.g., Lottie, Rive).
Experience applying user-centered design principles to improve user flows, comprehension, and product metrics.
At Google, we "Focus on the user and all else will follow." Our Visual Designers weave space, typography, color, and iconography to help people successfully navigate our products, ensuring they are beautiful and accessible. You will join our multi-disciplinary UX team, collaborating with Engineering and Product Management, to leverage user insights and create industry-leading products.
As a Visual Designer, you will rely on user-centered design methods to craft industry-leading user experiences from concept to execution. You will collaborate with your design partners to leverage and evolve the Google design language to build beautiful, innovative, inspired products that people love to use.
We are seeking a versatile creative to join a team focused on illustration and animation production for YouTube UX. In this position, you will create original artwork, interact with cross-functional stakeholders, and support the implementation of a new illustration style to shape the visual language for billions of users. You will help develop a scalable pipeline for generating visual assets by leveraging in-house talent, external agencies, and AI-driven methods to ensure brand consistency and operational efficiency.
At YouTube, we believe that everyone deserves to have a voice, and that the world is a better place when we share, and build community through our stories. We work together to give everyone the power to share their story, explore what they love, and connect with one another in the process. Working at the intersection of cutting-edge technology and boundless creativity, we move at the speed of culture with a shared goal to show people the world. We explore new ideas, solve real problems, and have fun — and we do it all together.Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $132000 - $189000 (USD) + 15% bonus target + equity + benefits
Create original illustrations and animation work to set visual standards and provide creative output for the team.
Navigate and utilize various production methods, including in-house resources, external vendors, and AI-powered pipelines.
Contribute to defining and advocating a new illustration style across YouTube surfaces to ensure creative excellence and brand consistency.
Partner with cross-functional team members to track illustration requests, manage visual assets, and document launch metrics.
Act as an ambassador for the illustration system across the broader design organization by providing creative feedback and guiding teams on guidelines.
Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualif