Join to save User Experience Design Designer 3 at Dexian
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
Job Description:
Employees in this job function create intuitive and enjoyable end-to-end user experiences for customers interacting with vehicles digital products and other customer touchpoints. They apply their expertise in research analysis and design to create intuitive engaging and user-friendly interactions while ensuring the user experience aligns with customer expectations brand values and industry standards
1 Understand user needs behaviors and preferences to create intuitive interactions
2 Map the user journey throughout their interactions with the organization
3 Define how users interact with various interfaces like gesture controls voice commands touchscreens etc.
4 Structure information in a logical and intuitive manner
5 Manage translators and localization specialists
6 Understand entire ecosystem of services including various touchpoints and stakeholders involved in delivering the service to create a cohesive and seamless service experience
7 Integrate Accessibility and Universal Design principles into the design process
8 Conduct usability testing and user experience research to evaluate the effectiveness and efficiency of interactions
9 Prioritize user needs and advocate for design craft excellence
10 Leverage systems design processes to solve design challenges holistically
Experience leading design within Lean/Agile product teams.
Proven ability to influence stakeholders drive consensus and communicate design rationale at senior levels.
Specialized expertise e.g. in-vehicle mobile business design motion API-driven systems.
Demonstrated ability to mentor coach and build design talent.
Track record of introducing innovative design methods and advancing organizational design maturity.
Dexian stands at the forefront of Talent + Technology solutions with a presence spanning more than 70 locations worldwide and a team exceeding 10,000 professionals. As one of the largest technology and professional staffing companies and one of the largest minority-owned staffing companies in the United States, Dexian combines over 30 years of industry expertise with cutting-edge technologies to deliver comprehensive global services and support.
Dexian connects the right talent and the right technology with the right organizations to deliver trajectory-changing results that help everyone achieve their ambitions and goals. To learn more, please visit https://dexian.com/.
Dexian is an Equal Opportunity Employer that recruits and hires qualified candidates without regard to race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, disability, or veteran status.
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Dexian by 2x
Get notified about new User Experience Designer jobs in Melvindale, MI .
-
Hyundai America Technical Center, Inc. (HATCI)
AI Design Facilitator and Forward-Deployed Engineer II
AI Design Facilitator and Forward-Deployed Engineer II
Consultant - Data Visualization-User Interface/Experience
Consultant - Data Visualization-User Interface/Experience
Life Sciences Experience Design Strategy Manager
Life Sciences Experience Design Strategy Manager
Senior Designer – Human Interface Design, Enterprise for GM Fleet
Senior Designer – Human Interface Design, Enterprise for GM Fleet
Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.
Sign in to see who you already know at Dexian
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .