See who Visual Comfort & Co. has hired for this role
This range is provided by Visual Comfort & Co.. Your actual pay will be based on your skills and experience — talk with your recruiter to learn more.
Visual Comfort & Co. is the premier resource for decorative and architectural lighting, ceiling fans, system controls and automated shading solutions from the most influential designers in the world. We are proud to offer a market-leading range of premium products across categories, styles and price points, remaining committed to beautiful design and, above all, a world-class customer experience.
The Product Design Assistant is responsible for supporting the product design process from initial concept through final design execution. This role collaborates closely with cross-functional teams to ensure projects are completed accurately, on time, and in alignment with brand standards and business objectives.
Work-Life Balance: Monday – Friday, 8:00am – 5:00pm
Training & Development: A comprehensive and structured training program, complemented by ongoing education and opportunities for career advancement.
Paid Time Off: Generous vacation accrual and paid time off policies.
Holidays: 7 paid holidays per year, in addition to 2 floating holidays.
Health Benefits: Visual Comfort covers the majority of employee medical premiums, and offers competitive vision and dental coverage available starting the first of the month following your start date.
Insurance: Company-provided life insurance and short-term disability coverage.
Retirement: 401(k) plan with company matching up to 4%, available beginning the first of the month following your hire date.
Facilitate coordination of design activities across cross-functional teams and stakeholders throughout various stages of the product design process.
Manage the preparation, processing, and maintenance of design-related documents, records, and project information.
Monitor and maintain the accuracy of product, design, and project data throughout the design lifecycle.
Collect and present market intelligence, trends, and competitive information to support design decisions.
Facilitate communication and collaboration between internal teams.
Prepare presentations, reports, and supporting materials for design reviews, meetings, and key business initiatives.
Works effectively with others in a team environment to accomplish organizational goals and to identify and resolve problems.
1–3 years of experience in design, merchandising, product development, visual merchandising, interior design, or a related creative field
Bachelor’s degree with specialization in art, industrial/product design, fashion merchandising, interior design or a related field
High-level skills using Microsoft and Adobe suites of products
Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form
Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations
Excellent interpersonal skills; including oral and written communication, customer service, and teamwork
Capable of planning and organizing priorities using sound judgment, professionalism, and malleability to meet evolving deadlines and deliverables
Proactive and motivated personality with a keen eye for detail and focus on producing quality results
Compensation is based on individual factors, including skill set, relevant experience, and work location
Qualified applicants are considered for employment, and employees are treated during employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, gender identity, or expression, genetic information, or any other legally protected status.
To be eligible for this role, you must be authorized to work in the United States. We do not offer any type of employment-based immigration sponsorship for this role. Likewise, Visual Comfort & Co., will not provide any assistance or sign any documen