By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy .
This range is provided by Apex Systems. Your actual pay will be based on your skills and experience — talk with your recruiter to learn more.
Job Description:
Apex Systems is a world class technology services business that incorporates industry or insights and experience to deliver solutions that fulfill our clients’ digital visions.
Apex has an opportunity for an Intermediate UI/UX Designer. For applicants who are interested in this opportunity, send your updated resume to Gabriel Ortega, Account Manager, at [email protected] .
Client: Commonwealth of MA (Executive Office of Education)
Duration : Thru 6/30/27 (with possibility of extension)
The Executive Office of Education is seeking a UI UX Designer to support critical enterprise initiatives. The ideal candidate is a strategic UI/UX professional who goes beyond implementing requirements to understand the underlying business need. They can translate business objectives into scalable, maintainable designs. They can confidently assess and enhance vendor-delivered solutions, challenge assumptions constructively, and collaborate with stakeholders to improve the overall application design. They think beyond individual features to create scalable, intuitive solutions that support long-term business goals.
Primary responsibility is to work on UX and UI design efforts, creating prototypes and wireframes, refining and updating the design system and component library, facilitating user research sessions, and developing product requirements.
Engages with internal and external stakeholders to understand user needs and translates user requirements into highly usable responsive experiences.
Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at [email protected] or 844-463-6178.
Everforth Apex is a world-class IT services company that serves thousands of clients across the globe. When you join Everforth Apex, you become part of a team that values innovation, collaboration, and continuous learning. We offer quality career resources, training, certifications, development opportunities, and a comprehensive benefits package. Our commitment to excellence is reflected in many awards, including ClearlyRateds Best of Staffing® in Talent Satisfaction in the United States and Great Place to Work® in the United Kingdom and Mexico.
Everforth Apex uses a virtual recruiter as part of the application process. Click here for more details. By applying for this job, you agree to receive calls, AI-generated calls, text messages, or emails from Everforth Apex and its affiliates, and contracted partners. Frequency varies for text messages. Message and data rates may apply. Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. You can reply STOP to cancel and HELP for help. You can access our privacy policy at https://www.apexsystems.com/privacy-policy
Everforth Apex Benefits Overview: Everforth Apex offers a range of supplemental benefits, including medical, dental, vision, life, disability, and other insurance plans that offer an optional layer of fi