The AWS Applied AI Solutions team is at the forefront of AI innovation, designing and building the next generation of intelligent business applications. We work closely with global Product, Engineering, Science, Marketing, and Business Development teams to deliver compelling AI-powered experiences that transform how businesses operate. Our research team plays a critical role in ensuring these AI solutions are not just technically advanced, but truly meet customer needs and drive meaningful customer outcomes.
Basic Qualifications
3+ years of proven success leading User Research projects with demonstrated impact experience
Bachelor's degree in HCDE, Human Factors, Cognitive Psychology, or a related field
Experience in leading User Research projects with demonstrated impact
Experience (end to end) with all aspects of research (study design, recruiting, moderation, analysis, reporting)
Experience with lab-based user testing, remote testing, iterative prototype testing, survey design, and usage of multiple methods within a study
Have a portfolio demonstrating past work experience and deliverables (e.g., study plans, reports, personas)
Preferred Qualifications
Master's degree in Human Factors, HCDE, or Cognitive Psychology
Knowledge of quantitative data analysis and statistics
Experience conducting and applying research in a global context
Experience working in a highly Agile/Scrum environment
Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of protected veteran status, disability, or other legally protected status.
Los Angeles County applicants: Job duties for this position include: work safely and cooperatively with other employees, supervisors, and staff; adhere to standards of excellence despite stressful conditions; communicate effectively and respectfully with employees, supervisors, and staff to ensure exceptional customer service; and follow all federal, state, and local laws and Company policies. Criminal history may have a direct, adverse, and negative relationship with some of the material job duties of this position. These include the duties and responsibilities listed above, as well as the abilities to adhere to company policies, exercise sound judgment, effectively manage stress and work safely and respectfully with others, exhibit trustworthiness and professionalism, and safeguard business operations and the Company’s reputation. Pursuant to the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.
The base salary range for this position is listed below. Your Amazon package will include sign-on payments and restricted stock units (RSUs). Final compensation will be determined based on factors including experience, qualifications, and location. Amazon also offers comprehensive benefits including health insurance (medical, dental, vision, prescription, Basic Life & AD&D insurance and option for Supplemental life plans, EAP, Mental Health Support, Medical Advice Line, Flexible Spending Accounts, Adoption and Surrogacy Reimbursement coverage), 401(k) matching, paid time off, and parental leave. Learn more about our benefits at https://amazon.jobs/en/benefits.
USA, CA, Sunnyvale - 143,100.00 - 193,600.00 USD annually
USA, NY, New York - 143,100.00 - 193,600.00 USD annually
USA, VA, Arlington - 130,100.00 - 176,000.00 USD annually
USA, VA, Herndon - 130,100.00 - 176,000.00 USD annually
USA, WA, Seattle - 130,100.00 - 176,000.00 USD annually
Referrals increase your chances of